review_text
""
"d - I liked this one a lot. Some slight bitterness from the hops in the taste but very drinkable. Would like to have again."
"Pours a nice golden color with a white head and a bit of lacing on the way down. The nose is nice and gentle with a slight hoppy character and a nice amount of backing bread. Lightly malted with a sprinkling of hops, this is nice and mellow and works really well. Some floral and herbal characteristics linger throughout. Body is pretty light with good carbonation. Nice and drinkable; this was an enjoyable brew that I'd certainly have again."
"Beer is thin and has a nice floral bitterness to it. There isn't as much yeast on the palate that I expected from the aroma. Beer is flavorful and really nice. A hop forward pale mild from England. I'm super impressed. I'd have this again if it were available to me. A very exciting beer in my opinion."
"D: My first beer of this style, I rather enjoyed this."
"Note: Fairly ridiculous that this, at 4.7%, is a Pale Mild while Castle Rock Harvest, a nearly identical beer at 3.8%, is an English Bitter. Many English beers need style help on BA."
"A summer beer and a good one to boot."
"Hazed pilsner-yellow with a fizzy, soapy white head that doesn't retain particularly well. Pleasantly sharp and pilsneresque in the aroma as well, bright with noble, lemony hops, white wine, faint lime and lemongrass, and even fainter honey. On the palate it is clean and crisp, perhaps a bit too light, but nice and zesty with quite citric hops - in fact this is almost like American lemonade. Quite bitter for such a light mouthfeel, and parchingly dry. I'd recommend having this one well chilled, as it's more of a refresher than anything and I don't think its flavor benefits much from a warmer serving temperature."
"Drinkability: A brilliantly drinkable beer, wish I had another one. Very enjoyable, I will now endeavour to find somewhere to try this beer on tap."
"Seems like a light lager with a bit more happening flavour wise."
"A very good example of the English golden ale style."
"I appreciate the fact that this is bottle-conditioned, yet the end result doesn't really blow my skirt up when all is said and done, no real need or desire to revisit this again. Seems like everything else gets swamped by the yeast itself."
"D: Too gassy."
"A little thin with medium carbonation. Works well enough for this beer, as it seems to be aimed most towards drinkability."
"A malt experience, though not too sweet. 4.7% by volume stamped by LCBO, 4.2% on the bottle. Another off-beaten-track found at Smokeless Joe's. Lightly hopped, club soda carbonation, little head. Thinnish, other that that there was taste and it hit the spot on a hot Summer day."
