review_text
""
"Overall this beer would indeed go well with most foods, as it's almost like a chameleon, blending in with its surroundings. Nothing big stands out so nothing to clash with whatever you're eating."
""
"Notes: Not a bad beer but not great, and I can't really decide when I would want to drink it. Not really a session beer, or one that I would want to casually sip. Seems like it is marketed to go with food, and it probably wouldn't be bad that way, but there are beers that I would prefer over this to have with food. Not really a typical British beer, but a decent beer. Flavors just a little too bland and faint."
"D: would drink again--not a bad beer!"
"Drinkability: It is very easy to drink but the flavours are far too muted, and it gives the beer a bland taste, which is a shame. I can see why they pitched it as a dinning beer."
"Peachy honey-gold, thick with bubbles, but not up top where it counts. Brown sugar, caramel, apples, lemon, and a very nice, mellow but robust bay leafy herbal hop character round out the aroma. The flavor is balanced and light yet spicy. I suspected that in making a ""beer to dine for"" Greene King was basically attempting an ale that tastes like a bland, inoffensive continental lager. I was half right. The taste is comparable to Stella or Heineken, but only in the sense that it has a similar balance of clear, bready malts and quick, zesty hops. Bland it isn't; it's flavorful, grainy, husky, and sweet, well spiced with a sort of citric-herbal hop profile, nicely accentuated by a fizzy, airy mouthfeel. Nice fruity undertones of grapes and orange as well. Very good, I think, and indeed it was good with the chicken soup and rye crisps I paired it with. Refreshing yet robust."
"Other comments: Very boring and very skunky. Friggin' clear bottles!"
"Cheers!"
"Good drinkability. Goes with foods well."
"D- I bought this beer on sale and wasn't expecting much, wow was I wrong. The Tettnang hops really add a nice character to the beer. This beer looks light but it has good flavors making this very drinkable. There is a nice flavor that reminds me of a very good Kolsch beer yet there are some nice ale qualities aswell. They say this is a beer to dine for but with food I think the subtle flavors might not hold up to spices and flavor of the food."
"The mouth is light bodied, a little creamy, with a gentle citrus buzz, and a mild hoppy dryness on the finish. Very drinkable, and I can see it pairing well with a wide variety of foods--thus it's achieved its goal. Yet, by itself it's merely an easy drinking, unremarkable brew. Decent overall."
"The Beer To Dine For is much too cutsie a name for a beer that expects to be taken seriously. I must admit, though, the name and the bottle ensure that this Greene King/Morland offering will get more than a few impulse purchases. In fact, I was one. In the end, it's a decent English pale mild that isn't quite worth the $3.99 that I paid for it."
"M&D - this beer is great on its own, too light and carbonated and malty for me, but suits a nice dinner perfectly, goes well with food and that was its intention so i must review it within its intentions and the style, for which it is very good"
"a little more substantial than i expected (it's my first for the style) and actually fairly flavorful"
"M&D: too spritzy to be nice on the mouthfeel, and the body is very thin as well... the carbonation is simply not right, making this beer less than drinkable if consumed alone... Well, probably that's why it's meant to be a ""beer to dine for", rather than something nice to drink alone?!"
"This is not your normal British beer, but I shall be trying it again, I suggest if you see it, do the same, give it a go."
"yea, dont judge this beer by its name, what a let down."
"At $3.49 for the big bomber, I will buy this again."
"M/D: This is on the heavy side of a light beer. This beer is very mild and non-offensive. I guess it would be good with food, but I feel that other English selections might complement the dishes discussed on the back of the bottle a little better."
"Nice, somewhat on the darker side golden color. Sort of low aroma-slight hop and sulfury smell. Medium hoppiness level. Tad of a bitter finish. Good mouthfeel-quite smooth and viscuous. A decent British ale. Theres a bunch of them out there-definately 1 of the more enjoyable."
"I'd seen this been around for a long time but pounced on a £5 for 10 bottles deal, not a bad beer, a fairly simple ale but very sessionable :)"
"Large clear bottle, pours very clear and fairly light amber, with an almost white head. Leaves some light and fine lacing. Blah nose. Medium bodied ale, balanced but IMHO a fairly dull brew. OK for food, but nothing special. Perhaps I'm just too used to hoppy American ales, but sometimes this bland, dull British stuff just doesnt do it for me. The clear bottle also messes with my mind, is it skunky? Is it fresh? With so much fine American Micro brew out there, the Brit imports start with a strike against em...I wouldnt bother trying this one again."
"750 ml bottle, bought in Denmark. I had to try this one, despite being sceptical to the gimmicky name: IMO, most good beers are worth ""to dine for"" (with a possible exception of the very sweetest ones), so why should this one be different? It isn’t - it’s basically a decent standard golden ale, where the Tettnang hops (more commonly found in German lagers) shine through nicely. Citrussy aroma, notes of flowers and honey. Pleasant lightbodied flavour with a moderate but decent hoppiness throughout, nice but nothing spectacular. No doubt good with food (I must admit that my ""dining"" was limited to a couple slices of pizza), but again: so are many other beers."
"Pours a clear light gold under a one finger white head that fizzles very quickly leaving no lace or even film on the top. The nose is citrus hoppy, tart and enticing. The mouth is quite light and very well carbonated. The taste is mild, but the hops are definitely there. Light and sweet, with a citrus twang to go with a slight flowery bite. The malt is not really noticeable, although it serves a mellowing function. The finish is fruity, while the aftertaste evokes a touch of bitterness. Nice refreshing drink - I didn't try it with food, but I could see giving this another go."
