review_text
""
"The nose gives away the semi-sweet biscuit maltiness within, very little hop presence in this brew and the malts are fairly understated too. This is a delicately produced blend of ingredients that just come together very nicely. Don't expect strong flavours, this isn't going to blow away your taste buds: it's a good quality thirst quencher though."
"Best pale mild I've had, I joy to drink."
"D- A sessionable ale with a solid mild flavour profile, making it a interesting refreshing offering"
"Overall - An excellent example of a British session ale... recommended..."
"Light golden amberjack with a nice frothy cask conditioned head of light foam. Perfect f'in handpulled pint, this is. Aromas of deep malt complexity. Country biscuits, fresh baked scones, and maybe a faint UK hop presence in the backing. Taste is all light malt, filled with bready complexity. Mouthfeel is creamy smooth cask perfection. Drinkability? This could replace water"
" As for drinkability-it's so easily consumed and moorish that a score of 5 is undervaluing it."
"M&D: the soft carbonation and light body ensures a pleasant, smooth mouthfeel throughout. As other BAs mentioned earlier, this is a Pale Mild rather than a Bitter. But no matter how hard I try, I fail to tell the nuance b/w a ""less bitter but hoppy"" Bitter and a Pale Mild, as my palate still picks up subtle bitterness from the latter. Surely it's down to subjectivity to draw a line b/w these two types based on how much bitterness is imparted and received? That said, this one is very refreshing yet soft/mild--a session type real ale to quaff."
"Extremely refreshing, very clean tasting, amber coloured Light Mild (UK)/ Mild Pale Ale (US). Surprisingly hoppy with a prevalent maltiness and the 'trademark' Taylors lingering bitter finish. Lives always in the shadow of its famous, award-winning older brother, Landlord. Golden Best is an incredible beer in it's own right and belies its strength. It is always the first beer to have on hot summer days, when faced with the Taylors range on Handpump. A real thirst-quenching, highly quaffable beer."
