review_text
"A very refreshing welcome upon tracking down this pub on a very warm and humid mid-town Toronto summer evening."
"First impression is thats its a touch light on flavour but not too bad. Really, its like most English Pale Milds... a pleasant lighter beer, but nothing to write home about. In the looks department, we have a radiant gold liquid with a small white head that soon diminishes to film and doesn't really lace. The aroma is sweet and bready with a hint of lemon. Almost a stock Granite aroma. You can taste the wheat addition in the flavour, which is primarily malt driven before leading to a nicely hopped, herbal and lemon splashed finish. A touch soapy, but generally refreshing and light bodied, it has a good claim to be a decent summer beer. There's nothing too complex going on, but what is happening is done well. The Granite make nice ales, and I think this one in particular would benefit greatly from being put on cask."
"Drinkability: Easy to drink because of how light it is but overall not that great of a beer."
"Pours a clear golden/yellow, thin white head, some retention but doesn't look too great. Smell is sweet, some sugar, light fruit and citrus, bready malts, not bad. Taste is wheat, bread, floral, assertive and dry bitter finish, light citrus. Mouthfeel is light bodied, low to medium carbonation, very refreshing lemony finish. Not bad, better than cask, pretty nice summer beer."
"Overall, It really is well suited for the summer. Sessionable, I could drink a lot of this stuff."
"D: Decent summer drinker."
"Extra dry hopped, least liked of blind tasting of six casks at Bar Volo. Cloudy yellow, minimal head. Very Malty, too malty, some hops. Mid sip hint of citrus. Thin body,fresh, clean and drinkable. No carbonation. Decent summer ale but below average all around."
"Had this at beerbistro in Toronto, apparently as a special ""dry hopped"" variety. It was a corn-yellow colour and quite cloudy -- you definitely couldn't see through it even with the light colour. It was topped with a thin head that disappeared quickly. The aroma was mostly citrus, which is very appropriate for a summer ale, but there was also a stale hop smell clearly evident. This beer was very light bodied, but to the point of being thin and watery. A little more body would definitely help this one out. There was also a soapy texture and flavour that hindered the crispness of the citrusy hops. The finish was harshly bitter, and the aftertaste built up to an unpleasant level over the course of the pint. The ideas seemed to be in place for designing a refreshing summer ale, but the execution didn't deliver."
