review_text
"Food match: Continuing on the theme of mixing two opposing styles together I say: Lamb Souvlaki and Pad Thai! The Pad Thai could be mixed in the wrap, I'm going to go make some now."
""
"Carbonation is much too high and the body feels watery."
"Really not a great beer and something which doesn't seem to match up to what a Black & Tan should be. it is possible that this is an infected bottle and will possibly re-review in the future but at the moment this is not a great beer."
"This is a beer that hits a lot of the right notes at the right times and, again, as a virgin to the style, I'm going to have t count myself as a fan. It has the brooding mustiness of a rich stout, but its finish is very clean and bitter-hoppy, with a pleasing - if slightly musty - bitterness. Mouthfeel is very nicely full, with a slick character that carries the flavour well without feeling too heavy. An eminently drinkable drop, refreshing, pleasant and nicely balanced."
"D - Nice beer. I think I'd rather drink the Gippsland Gold or Hat Lifter Stout by themselves though depending what mood I'm in."
"Ok so this is my first black and tan, lets see how it goes. Poured a dark brown/nearly black complexion with a nice half inch thick white head that I wasnt expecting. Smell was just how i would expect an ale and a stout to smell together...cloudy faint aromas. Taste was similar, with coffee, some soy sauce, a bit of chocolate here and there...good on the palate. Mouthfeel was medium bodied, but besides that, there was a lot more happening here, im not quite sure what but it went down very easily, therefor i can say that it is a very easy beer to drink. Overall a good intro to black and tans, hopefully the ones i try in the future will be as good as this one was. Cheers"
"However, this is a very drinkable blend, perhaps owing a little too much of its pleasantness to the wonderful Gippsland Gold. But who knows..."
"well, a fairly so-so beer. nothing to get terribly excited about. i thought the idea of a black and tan in a bottle was odd as it seems more of a specialty, on-tap offering. oh well."
"Have to say, i think this is my second fav. grand ridge beer, next to the Gippy gold. Very intresting brew indeed."
"when it comes down to it, the concept of brewing an actual black and tan is pretty cool. the problem is that you try each of these beers (gippsland gold and hatlifter stout) separately, they are really good beers. try them here together it seems they have subdued each other. making it it yourself with the same beers is much much better as the flavors of both still have full effect. great idea tho."
"Pretty good, gets the roastiness from there stout, and that buttery, toffee characteristic from the Gippsland Gold, pretty good, some oilyness, but has a nice dry finish. Also fairly light, but being a black and tan i don't think its meant to be particularly heavy, a pleasant beer, and easy to get in to, pretty tasty. enjoyable."
