review_text
""
""
"overall...with having the brown yet to review...i was wholly underwhelmed with this ""black and tan"". or amber...or whatever the brewer was trying to accomplish. good causes aside, brew a beer that is worthy of the charity."
"Poured from a brown 12 oz. bottle. Has a dark amber color with a 1/2 inch head. Smell is malty, some sweetness. Taste is also malty, some sweetness, easy drinking and refreshing. Feels medium bodied in the mouth and overall is an interesting and quality brew."
""
"Overall: A decent beer overall. Mild and easy enough to drink."
"overall, a decent sessioning beer."
"Let's see two beers I didn't particularly didn't care for, blended together as a black and tan. Good idea? Appears a dark amber murky brown hue with alight beige head forms fine speckled lacing. Let's take a smell of it...some malty dark roasted malt layers with herbal hops cooking in the back end. Actually like biscuit dough and yeast cakes is what I'm getting in the smell. A malt driven slightly sour dough bread flavor with some dark roasts and pale cocoa driven malt kicking the backend of this beer. I'm okay with these guys I'm a nurse and they are firefighters donating toward local burn centers for anybody out there who has seen a bad burn victim believe me you'll never argue with this foundation/fundraising group. Does that concept make this a better black and tan, of course not, but it is what it is a contract brewed charity driven beer label brewed in Wilkes Barre PA and the actual company is based out of Maryland."
"Note: 5.2% and considered a 'Black & Tan' by the brewer as this is a blend of 65% Golden Ale and 35% Backdraft Brown Ale. Regardless, it drinks more like an amber give the light texture and notable sweetness."
"Drinkability- ok, I would drink it again. Definitely not bad"
"Drinkability is ok. This is pretty boring, but it's not bad. While drinking this I kept thinking that the brown ale component of this might pretty good. But this just tastes to me like a brown ale that has been watered down a bit."
"D - A mediocre beer at best, the harsh carbonation bothers me the most. It's so damn filling! Besides that, there really isn't much to behold here. It's all bland. I would never turn it down but its another Hook and Ladder I wouldn't search out."
"The taste is light whole wheat, slightly musty, apple, light mineral and caramel/brown sugar. Elements are subdued, not meshed particularly well, simple a,d it's a bit on the sweet side with little bitterness. However, it's pleasant, has at elast some character, and is only slightly onthe seet sidel, almost getting a dryish finish."
"Drinkability: An all around approachable, sessionable brew that could be consumed all year round. Not a barnburner, but a solidly crafted beer."
"Pretty solid, if not down right quaffable."
"Poured into a pint glass, very thin head formed, disappeared quickly. As advertised, it is an amber color, but the whole ""ember"" bit...not understanding it. I expected to taste a roasted malt out of this beer but it is pretty plain. I have had darker, fuller black and tans before. The hops are practically non-existent and I feel like I'm tasting a generic, mainstream beer. It's light enough to throw back a few of these, but I'd rather not. Definitely not my favorite from Hook and Ladder."
"Notes: Overall it's not bad at all but it's also not a standout either."
"Body is pretty thin, pretty light and watery texture. It's a decently smooth drinker, though, and mostly inoffensive."
"There really isn't much too this. Not much flavor, and really no detectable hops to even provide some balance. Could use more caramel sweetness and just a minimal hop profile to balance it out a bit more. Bland is the best word to describe it."
"Ember Amber is certainly no black and tan, and none of the character from the Backdraft Brown shines through. Pretty mediocre, but still worth a try."
"Bit think in the mouthfeel, maybe the fact that its 60% golden ale is kinda throwing me off. Getting some toffee, caramel, and a bit of roastiness. It's a good drinker for sure, but just nothing to make me seek this beer out again..."
"D-Goes down real easy. This is a definitely a beer that you can have more than one of if you like"
"Third Hook and Ladder I tried from the sampler 12 pack. Poured from bottle to SA Pint glass a reddish amber color with a half inch of cream head that reduced to a nice bubble sheen with some spotty lacing. Smell is mild with a hint of brown sugar. Taste is a mild sweet malt flavor of the Brown ale that is muted by the Golden. Thin wattery mouthfeel. Drinkable? Yes, but I will have my non-BA guests suck the other two of these down. If I wanted a ""Black and Tan"" I would pour it myself. This is a lame filler in this sampler, the beer is not all bad but the concept is. They didn't brew a fourth beer so they put two together and bottled it and called it Ember Amber. Lame."
"D: Skip it and drink the H&L Brown or Irish Red ales."
"I was actually in Harris Teeter and a representive from Hook & Ladder was giving out free samples. Ember Amber is a combination of 65% Golden Ale and 35% Backdraft Brown. Pours a clear, nutty brown with a small white head. Yeasty aroma. Smooth, but thin palate. Very slight hop note, but too thin to really note. Not too bad...if I run into a place that has both Backdraft and Golden Ale on tap, I'll mix myself an Amber."
"my suggestion, find a six pack of the brown and leave everything else alone."
"I poured this beer into my tumbler at 50 degrees. The beer was a reddish amber color with a decent head and lacing. The beer smelled like all the rest of the beers in the sample pack. I think they are all made from each other. No matter, I did not like this one of all the others I tried. It is a combo of two others and taste like neither. It was kinda sweet with a malty hit to it but rather confusing. No."
"The beer doesn't really offend, but there are better places to go for an Amber, or a half-and-half. Gees, I sure don't get the blended beers."
"This beer tastes alot like some lower end Oktoberfests I've had but this is not a bad thing. Fairly light, very smooth, and quite the session beer IMHO. Would pair great with some smoked meats or just about anything. Fairly impressive just nothing stellar. I do like though. Good beer!"
"D: Easy drinking. As poundable as a Newcastle."
