review_text
""
""
"Poured into a pint glass."
""
"O - This is my first braggot so I wasn't sure what to think. It was interesting and very easy drinking."
""
""
"Pretty nice stuff. Poured with a huge off white, foamy, fluffy, thick, head that lasts a very long time and very little lace. color is a clear medium amber. Aroma is spicey, wine, honey. Flavor is somewhat crisp, sweet/tart with great tang.Great body and carbonation. Finish is like flavor and so pleasing."
"Nice to find another braggot, there aren't that many of them out there. This one pours golden with little head, which is ok given the style. This is styled after a traditional Kolsch, but with honey- their version of a medieval braggot. Smells of citrusy honey and some spice, prevalantly ginger. A bit herbal as well. The taste is somewhat subtle, but pretty nice. A little watery, and seltzery, but with nice notes of orange flower water, some honeyed notes, and a spritz of lemon. Not overly sweet, and quite light. A different take on the style, and enjoyable enough."
"Not a style I am overly familiar with, but apart from the mouthfeel I think that it is decent for the style."
"Overall, a nice beer, in a style I'm not overly familiar with. Worth some effort to try."
"jd"
"Drinkability is OK. It's a drinkable braggot, but man, it's pretty basic, with not much going on. I finished it, but probably wouldn't revisit either..."
"D = This could easily become one of my ""crack open a cold one"" brews on a Friday night with my friends, when I wouldn't just crack open one of my best ales. I think it is a real winner for nearly any occasion."
"Overall not bad but not something to boast about. I mainly bought it for the cool looking bottle."
"D: Maybe not the traditional Braggot I think made today, but a nice hybrid here. $4.99 for the bottle is a bit too much though, but it was nice to try."
"This is OK but not really my kind of beer. A little to flowery for my tastes."
"Drinkability- Not what I expected, but worth a shot."
"An interesting and refreshing light bodied beer that can be quaffed until the cows come home. Definitely worth trying for a change of pace."
