review_text
""
"This was a big wow on first whiff and first taste, but becomes a bit of a chore by the end. A little too sweet and a touch cloying. Biggest problem, though, is the sheer booziness, whose level has only been rivaled for me in things like Samichlaus or perhaps the most crazy and aggressive of DFH brews."
"A nice medium-heavy bodied beverage. I am quite familiar with White Winter Winery's meads but this was my first time tasting any of their braggots, and I was pleasantly surprised by what I found. It packs a punch but remains somewhat drinkable, though, that's not to say I would drink more than one glass in a sitting."
"I'd recommend sharing, or sipping by the fire in the dead of winter..."
"drinkability is great. the alcohol (12% according to the label) is mostly hidden. the barrel character melds very well with the braggot, complimenting without overshadowing. the honey is allowed to come through quite nicely without presenting as cloying or overly sweet. in sum, this is a pretty nice beer complimented by honey and oak. good stuff."
"Pours a clear dark reddish orange, real neat colour, thick light tan head forms, quickly settles down to a thin ring around the glass and layer, some lace spots stick to the glass, syrupy looking, nice. Smell is real nice, heavy caramel, honey, very floral, bready, some fruity hoppiness, wood and vanilla, very earthy, brandy, some alcohol, really neat and fruity, honey comes through well. Taste is similar, big honey heat up front alcohol, very floral, caramel, oak, vanilla, sugary, some fruitiness, oranges, mead finish. Mouthfeel is medium to full bodied, quite thick, with low to medium carbonation, some heat from the alcohol but not unpleasant. A real nice braggot, which is unfortunately a tough style to find commercially, well done. Thanks G!"
"Huge thanks to demcorhip for picking this up from the winery for me!"
"Originally reviewed April 9, 2005. On tap at the Gitchee Gumee Brewfest 2005. This beer was a cozy mahogany color. Aromas were strong of chicory and sugar. Flavors of chocolate and rum, with alcohol very present (seems I like it this way). Good smooth sweet finish."
"D- The big sharp rum flavor is nice and has some good supporting flavors in the oak and dark malt. Very unique and a bit foreign to my taste buds."
"Thanks to murrayswine for the chance to try this interesting beverage. I can't say that it looks appealing, as it pours a thick, gross brown color with almost no carbonation--daunting. I'm scared. It smells caramelly, vinuous, with some spicy hops. Basically, it looks and smells like an old ale. Taste is sweet like caramel and prunes, still reminding me of an old ale, but diverges from that style with a spicy honeyness and a little toasty finish that surprised me. The more I drink, the more I like the taste. Mouthfeel is thick, very thick, coating. I've not had many old ales or braggots, but this reminds me a lot of Thomas Hardy's Ale."
"Drinkability? Is there such a thing with braggots? So sweet, so thick, soooo cloying and sticky. Sip isn't the proper word for it. I'll say slow goin'. Its as drinkable as malt vinegar. You can only handle so much before your taste buds begin screaming for you to stop."
"This was actually quite enjoyable. Well rounded flavors and a nice oaky background. I could see this beer going very well with a nice juicy pot roast or even some asian dishes. It's kind of pricey for the half-bottle (375mL) but well worth a try."
"Drinkability: After 2 small wine glasses of this, I MacGyvered a cork with a couple napkins and a piece of plastic wrap. Although I'd had enough, I'm looking forward to finishing this tomorrow. It's not something I could take in large doses. But that's not important anyways."
"Sweet-lovers might have a winner here."
