review_text
""
""
""
"O: This is my first braggot and I have to say that I really enjoy it. I expect that others are more complex, but Luna de Miel is a very pleasant, straight-forward ale. I could see myself drinking quite a few glasses of this on a hot day."
""
"What better way to celebrate the interim between the two NFL conference championship games than with a braggot, amiright? This one pours a clear amber-garnet topped by several fingers of fizzy, sandy tan foam. The nose is awash in light dank raspberries, though some traces of dark greens and very mild toffee peek through small peepholes at random, minute intervals. The taste follows suit, though the greens and toffee are replaced by honey and very light apple cider (granny smith, in this case). The body is a hefty light, with a moderate carbonation and a dry, airy finish. Overall, a crisp, semi-refreshing braggot, though it's a bit one-dimensional and effervescent for me to really place any special significance on it."
""
"O: Not a great braggot, but still pretty good. I commend BBC for stretching their legs a bit and experimenting with this one."
"Pours a clear, dull pink color. 1/4 inch head of an off-pink color. Decent retention and slight lacing. Smells of slight pale malt, slight grain, slight metallic, off-raspberry, and slight honey. Fits the style of a Braggot. Mouth feel is sharp and crisp, with an average carbonation level. Tastes of off-raspberry juice, slight metallic, slight sweet malt, slight grain, slight pale malt, and slight honey. Overall, the raspberry flavor is metallic and barely reminiscent of actual raspberry flavor."
"It is a really sweet beer and is a good summer beer while sitting outside. Just a bit sweet for my tastes."
"D- not sure on the abv of this one but the alcohol wasnt very noticeable, pretty tasting and interesting, ive had meades before but this braggot combines the two worlds of meade and beer, this is a nice desert style wine, pretty easy to drink, solid job on the part of BBC"
"750 ml bottle. Served in a snifter, the beer pours a dark pink/reddish color with about an inch cola-like carbonated light pink head. Head retention is good, with a decent amount of lacing. Aroma is raspberries, honey, and red wine. For some reason the aroma reminds me of drinking some Boone's Farm stuff, I'm not sure if that's a good sign or not. Taste is similar to the aroma, but it's more sweet than it is wine-like, although the wine taste is still noticable. Mouthfeel/body is medium, it's a bit slick and syrupy. The carbonation is very strong at first, but it does smooth out as the beer warms. Drinkability is decent, a smaller glass of this at BBC wouldn't be bad, but a 750 ml bottle of this is a bit too much for me. I thought this was a decent brew, it's the first Braggot I've tried and I would try one again. I'll have to get this on tap the next time I go to BBC."
"For someone who is into this, a second glass would be good. I liked it, but prefer other styles."
"An interesting beer/braggot/meade. Never had this style before, but after enjoying Lindeman's Framboise Lambic, I figured there was no harm in giving another raspberry flavored beer a chance. Definitely something to try on a warm summer evening. Paired well with the spinach artichoke dip and the chicken salad sandwich."
"Notes from 12/22/06"
"Had this off the draft at the brewpub. Served in a tall wine glass. Beautiful magenta color. It was described as a sweet honey meade made with fresh raspberries. The smell was not very strong but was primarily of raspberry. The taste came on quick and tart almost entirely of raspberry and left the palette fast. It was kind of watered-down tasting and not extremely flavorful. Really, kind of what you would imagine raspberry juice, water, and the warmth of alcohol to be like. Though, it wasn't bad and I would have enjoyed a few glasses. I havent had many meades but most of the ones I've had have been aged for at least five years or just simply a more massive beer (e.g. midas touch by dogfish head). However, I did have a freshly brewed meade at cumberland brews in louisville about 3 weeks ago and it also did not have this massive flavor. Just a different experience, still good. I do prefer a bigger flavor though."
"D - A nice mead, but this doesn't have much in common w/ braggot IMO. It really has no spice flavor and the honey sweetness is there, but more raspberry than anything else. It is drinkable, but I would probably stick to one in an evening unless you like the carbonated fruit flavoring. The fruit tastes fine, not artificial w/ a honeydrenched effect. I consider it better than avg, yet it somehow fell short of my expectations compared to other meads. I could probalby handle more than 5oz of this considering the Dubbel was served in an 8oz glass and has .02% higher abv w/ more flavor. I could appreciate this as a dessert drink, I guess I have mixed emotions about this 'meade'"
"While a delicious drink, it's kind of hard to have several wines in one sitting for me. Definitely plan on having this again, but I can't see having more than one per sitting."
"That said, I did enjoy it enough to purchase a bottle from the brewery, but ""Bob"" know when I'll get around to drinking a bomber of this stuff. Good but rich, so the drinkability is somewhat limited."
"Mouthfeel is medium bodied, syrupy, with lots of honey clinging to the tongue."
"This really is more of a fruit wine than a beer. Its body and appearance remind me of a blush/rose wine. The smell is very fruity and with hints of alcohol. The taste is what solidified this as a berry wine. It was very clean and dry. There were absolutly not bitter values at all and the beverage drank like a desert wine. The mouth feel was thin and the carbonation was fizzy like champagne. The % on this one is high so a glass will do. Its not a bad drink but not a good ""beer"" so to speak. If I were wanting a sparkling wine this would be very VERY good."
"This one pours a red color with very little head and leaves no lacing on the glass. I like the color. The aroma is comprised of honey notes underneath of a raspberry sweetness. Very soft and light on the palate. Raspberries come through strong with the honey flavors lurking in the back. Quite tasty. The drinkability is quite good for a 7% brew."
"A captivating beverage. Would be a nice break from beer, if there were such a thing. Upon the first glance, it looks like raspberry Kool-Aid or a bit of a homemade wine, with no carbonation and a thin, clear appearance. The aromas are all of tart and sweet raspberries; perhapse more of an extract than the actual fruit. To the taste, it's mostly of sweet and tart raspberries with an underlying honey sweetness. That's all. Pure and clean. Not quite cloying, but very sweet. Thinned and heated by the alcohol, provides a subtle complexity that can be enjoyed. It's worth a try, but playtime is over...back to the beers."
" If I had known what style of beer this was, I probably would not have purchased it. I didn't bother to read the label, it was simply the last beer I needed to get a discount. I figured it's in a big bottle from a brewery I've heard of and tasted before, and it was the last one, I simply must have it. I can't wait to find some to share at a family party in place of champaigne."
"Very tasty and dangerously drinkable.Delicate and so smooth on the palate, this one is definitely worth checking out."
"What a surprise to find this on tap at the Bluegrass Brewing Company. The meade pours a deep opaque red color. There is a bit of carbonation bubbling in the glass. The nose has a mix of honey sweetness and raspberry tartness. The meade has the flavor of honey with just enough of the tartness of the raspberry. It feels rather thick in my mouth, not too unexpected with the style. This finishes dry and crisp. It's a good way to round out a good meal at the BBC, but one is definately enough with it's high ABV."
"The beer doesn't look like anything special.  It's a slightly hazy, deep reddish colored brew with very little head, but plenty of apparent carbonation in the body (though certainly not fizzy).  Smell is rich, full of sweet florals and some tart raspberry.  The flavor is tart, with the raspberry flavor dominating.  However, the honey balances the tartness well, while adding an impressive twist to the flavor.  The tartness hits full-force initially, and the sweet honey comes in in the middle for balance, and closes with a dry sweet finish.  A smooth brew, with carbonation and alcohol producing a slightly warm and rough feel in the mouth.  A very refreshing and drinkable brew - not too tart, not at all syrupy.  A very good ale when you want a change from your norm."
