review_text
"I should also point out after buying this bottle at the brewery (and speaking with the owner), that many of their 22 ounce bottles are made for long storage due to their high abv. I didn't get an exact number on this beer but I would imagine it's up there."
"Drinkability is decent. The brew is drinkable, but ends up a bit too sweet. Aside from that, enough flavor and a well proportioned profile make this a well-done brew overall."
"Mjod is very cider like when cold but leans more and more toward the beer side after a little warming. The honey is nearly fermented out with just a little residual sweetness and fruitiness. I could see this being a drink that would agree with a large number of people. I'd recommend this to anyone looking for something both interesting and enjoyable."
"From the other two Braggots i've tried, this was the most drinkable and seemingly true to style. Winter White was more like a Barleywine, and 2 Bros. Heliocentric was like malt liquor with a shot of honey."
"Thick mouthfeel, tastes like honey and spices. Different than anything that I have ever tasted before. Not bad. Not great. Just different. A nice derail from the malt/hop dilema. I would definately try a Braggot/Bracket/Mead again just for kicks."
"M & D - Thinnish and creamy mouthfeel. This is kind of a sweet brew...not one that I think could be real sessionable."
"Drinkibility/Overall: a much better, more drinkable, complex and balanced braggot than their Honey Moon which was a cloying mess."
"D: The alcohol seems high (but not confirmed by the bottle), limiting the drinkability, although if I were about to initiate a Viking raid on some unsuspecting neighbor I'd probably want a few of these."
"D - Although I haven't tried many meads I find this one to be enjoyable. The fizzy factor makes it hard to drink more than 1 in a sitting but I would buy this one again."
"Copper appearance. Pretty clear. Minimal white head. Interesting nose. Dusty and musty and sweet as well. Caramel, apple and grapes are all duely noted. Nice taste of sweetness blended with just a touch of acidity, which gives it just a bit of dryness. Caramel, Riesling grapes, apple cider and some doughiness in the middle. Carbonation is low, which is appropriate I believe. Goes down fairly easily. I have not developed enough of a baseline on Meads to judge real objectively yet, but this tastes good so I'll give it good ratings."
"Clear caramel color with fine bubbles and no head. The scent is sweet and apply. There are also strong notes of fermented honey and Riesling grapes. The taste is light and fruity. Light bodied with a small amount of acid. Earthy. Less pungent and sickly than other brackets that I have had making this one more drinkable. I also pick up a little bit of orange and winter spices. This is one of the better Brackets that I have had. Very drinkable and not too sweet (for the style)."
"Meads have never been, nor ever will be something I fine terribly drinkably. This one fairs better than most, probably due to some familiar beer and Viking qualities."
"Much like Viking's Honey Moon, I enjoyed this beer quite a bit, maybe not quite as much, but they've done quite well here again. If Viking put out a steady line of Meads and Braggots, they would do quite well for themselves. Vas heill!"
"Pours a deep golden brown color, completely transparent with no head at all. Smell is of honey, but not straight honey, and somewhat of apples and extremely sweet carmel. Cloyingly sweet, it will make you not want to drink it, tart apple flavors are also present. If this is a Mead, I hope it is not a very good mead, because there is no chance I will be finishing the rest of this bottle."
"Clear, bright bronze color with no head, just a ring of white around the edge of the glass. No carbonation to speak of. The aroma is of apples and grapes, almost a wine-like. The flavor has apples and a dark fruitiness. It is a bit woody in the flavor as well. It is smooth and easy drinking, with a finish that is sweet, then immediately dry. I can tell that this beer is up there in the alcohol as well. A very interesting beverage. I would like to try other meads."
"(look at tavernjef's effort for a better assessment of the taste.)"
"Cranberry chestnut color, head dies quickly after the pour, essentially a transparent beverage. No real lacing on the glass. Fruity, somewhat wine-like aroma, like an Arbor Mist or something. Orangish flavor to start out, apple takes hold on further sips as well as burnt raisin tones, lending a sandy texture to the essentially undercarbonated mouthfeel. Gets a bark-like feel close to the swallow, the finish and aftertaste is quinine-like, catches the throat and bitters like an old-fashioned horehound cough drop or like rolling apple seeds around in your mouth. An odd combination of sweetness in a honey sense and a countermeasure that I describe above. I can't really ding a style like this, but its not a drink I would especially seek out again."
"Taste is a whole nother story, with soft lightly playing sweet caramel and toffee, with sweet dark honey, white grapes and peels, has a soft carbonation with a few sparkling wine characteristics that poke through, but over all seems dulled in complexity and the subtlities are amazing, it goes all over the place as far as the mouthfeel. Starts smooth and thin of very dull dark grapes and honey, then takes a turn with a quick wine-like zip that fades right back to more dulled smooth thinness and finishes with more wine-like tendencies again showing in through some moderate throat tingly biting thats a bit undesirable and makes it hard to really enjoy for me. Take a dark dry wine, throw in some champagne and some honey and I think this is what you might get. Very strange stuff, reminded alot of DFH Midas Touch but not nearly as drinkable. Although I may not have it again, its a definate conversational sipper/dessert drink."
