review_text
"Lots of local tradition involved here, great ingredients, a very good beer."
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"A light, fruity and sweet black beer."
"Dr: Not badly priced for Dublin, and worthy for fans of the style."
"D: The beer goes down very smoothly and is quite sessionable."
"A very pleasant and smooth schwarzbier, although I could live without the candlegrease flavours. It might go well with mild delicatessen like Italian mortadella. Or perhaps a Brie?"
"Drinkability: Surprisingly unremarkable. Very drinkable but uninteresting. As far as style guidelines go, i wouldn't call it a straight forward Schwarzbier."
"Drinkability is pretty good, it has some good roasted malt flavors but is also pretty smooth and drinkable. It was a nice enjoyable and flavorful beer."
"Edit: Drinkability to Overall."
"D: Very drinkable. Good representation of the style.."
"D - This is a style that I'm starting to like more these days and I think this is one of my favorites so far it has a better stronger taste and is easier to drink then the others I've had its worth a try sometime"
"M&D - great carbonation, easy to drink, very quaffable (not sure if that's a word but you know what I mean). Nice body, could drink it all night."
"D - This is a nice Schwarzbier - certainly fits the bill for the style. It might use a touch more hops though."
"Drinkability: Seems slightly off-style for a Schwarzbier; of course Herold never claimed it was one, calling it a Bohemian Black Lager instead. Regardless, great lager overall, but not as refreshing as some due to the heavy character."
"In the aftertaste again toasted and burnt notes, and then a long bitterness of chicory and bitter herbs."
"D - Very, Very nice dark lager. Drank along with a Sam Adams Black Lager and this blew it away."
"Lovely big head on this ebony-brown beer, pearly beige and very tall - unfortunately it doesn't last very long. Nose is a bit mild and mannered, but full of good nut and chocolate aromas, plus toasted grainy bread, caramel, and coffee. Hops cast a faint evergreen shadow over an otherwise completely malty nose. Like the aroma, the taste is mild yet lush - notes of cocoa and coffee mingle with buttery caramel, honey, and biscuit flavors. There is a surprisingly forward element of spice from noble hops and a bit of spirited alcohol, mostly to add a bit of balance and robustness. Pleasantly chewy and thick, but also well-attenuated and dry. Not my favorite schwarz, but one I would happily have again."
"Overall, an enjoyable beer."
"That was a surprise. My first ever review on here for what was a completely randon pick from my local Tesco. Drank a few of these style beers when in Prague and it reminded a little of the bottles of Guiness you got years ago before the draught one caught on. Quite a bitter, dry finish which makes you keep sipping or is it gulping. It gets better the more you try it. Only £ 1.40 for a 500ml bottle.... Get in there."
"Overall, this was an outstanding representation of the style. Rich, deep profile with a superb feel and a really nice long lasting taste. If you are a fan of smoked beers or just looking for something a little bit different, just check this one out, its worth it."
"D: Drinkability was very smooth, rich and light on the tongue providing for a good experience."
"I think this is the best Black Beer (style wise) I've ever had, not checked my other review scores but I don't remember enjoying one this much before. A very nice beer."
"Thanks, brandoman63, for the opportunity"
"Other comments: I was surprised at how roasty-bitter this beer is. It's good, but I was expecting it to be a bit sweeter for some reason."
"Overall - A superb Schwarzbier - the best i've tasted so far... definitely recommended..."
"A tasty and very sessionable dark lager, well worth a pop"
"Worth trying as, like most people, the ""black lager"" just got me too curious."
"Dark-brown to black with tan, tight head of small bubbles. Grassy, whole wheat bread aroma. Medium to full-bodied, nice carbonation. Earthy, dark, crusty, sourdough bread taste. Slightly nutty, roasted malts and grassy hops. Ends with slighly sweet malts and chocolatey notes. Nice and pretty drinkable for a somewhat heavy and bready beer."
"Very likeable; a great example of the style. Comforting flavors, crazy-easy to drink, wish I'd bought a few more bottles."
"This beer is truly a black lager, opaque with on light, very nice in the glass with a fluffy brown head with small bubbles that fell fairly quickly. The smell is really great, lots of roast and toasted malt, caramel in the nose, but not overwhelming and no hint of coffe. The roast continues in the same vein for the taste, clear, no coffee, very nice roast malt taste, a little chewy but smooth as well. It is a spicy bite as well, but again light from the carbonation and hop that is very balanced with the malt. Overall, a very enjoyable beer, not complex, but very smooth, tasty, and refreshing while not being light."
"Drinkability: An exellent Schwarzbier. some nice roastyness character flavours and settles well. Could drink a few but would like to compare with other Czech Schwarz and Koztrizer"
"A bit of fruit and chocolate sweetness and quite a bit of hops. Pumpernickel bread and a bit of molasses round it out. An interestingly complex beer - the flavors mold together in a strange way. can't say that i've had a similar experience before."
"Poured at 50 degrees into tumbler. Beer was dark but not opaque. Good smell of molases and taste hinted of that also. Had a bit of a sweet after taste and not bitter which I like. Fair head at first then went away. A very good black beer. I would purchase this again."
"I like it. Very drinkable."
"A very decent schwartzbier, but I haven't had a lot of this style to say for sure."
"Pours a three finger light brown head that fades slowly to a shallow layer leaving a good lace. Black color. Light carbonation and medium-heavy bodied. Caramel nose. Starts malty with a sweet caramel flavor not cloying, finish has hints of hops. Nice black lager. $2.49 for a 500ml bottle from John's Grocery Iowa City, Ia."
"Poured a smooth, but thin looking near-black in color. Lots of foamy head that was slightly tinted khaki. Not much light could pierce through the glass. Nose is malty and just a hint of smoke and ash rise to the nostrils. Nice mild beer. Superbly drinkable. No particular sulphuric tones which has been the downfall of many schwarzbiers in my experience. Lots of toasted malts. Thin feeling but appropriately so."
"Drinkability: An exellent Schwarzbier. Very flavorful and drinkable. Of the ones ive had , this schwarzbier has more of a pleasant smoky charater. Very good."
"Taste is rich and roasty malt, light efferescent carb at first. Develops a mildly sour fruity note later, which is pretty subdued. Freshness is key for optimal taste, i've had old bottles that were lackluster. Supremely easy to drink, and pure velvet on the palate. Give me about six of these and i'l call you next week..."
"D - Solid beer. Recommended."
"If I were to single out a beer I would buy perpetually, this would be it. Unfortunately, finding enough to buy perpetually is the more difficult task. I haven't found another place that carries it here, and Harry's carries it in small quantities."
"M&D: a touch too smooth for this fantastic lager, but the cask-interpretation is not bad at all! The low fizziness makes this beer slightly watery at the back, but this remains a medium-bodied and fullsome Czech dark lager, which is less rich and positively smoother. A nice experiment that I feel so happy to bump into twice at JDW pubs, and feel even more lucky that it's on form on both visits!!"
"This beer pours av ery deep brown with a thick, bubbly head. Rich, sweet, malty smells abound and are carried through to similar flavors with chocolatey fruity notes. It's a little toasty on the finsh. Very smooth and drinkable. It would make a very good winter beer but isn't a load for all the flavor you get. I like it!"
"Mouthfeel is pretty dry. Clean on the palate as well. Medium bodied I would say. A decent all around beer."
"Flavor is that same green apple along with a chocolatey malt base and a slightly roasted bitterness. It all comes together exceptionally smoothly with a suprisingly crisp finish. Mouthfeel is thick and creamy, which is nice, but something lighter would really make this brew heavenly. I don't know much about Schwarzbier but I know this is a new favorite of mine no matter what you call it."
"Overall the drinkability is pretty good."
"Dark brown/black in appearance with a light tan head which bubbled high and fell fast. The smell is mainly malt with a fair amount of yeast. Nice black malt flavors with some sugary notes somewhere between chocolate and vanilla. Not to say this beer is very sweet, but there is some residual sweetness countered with plenty of bitterness. Yet, that is not to say this beer is hoppy, because there is not much hop that I noticed, but mainly malty bitterness. The mouthfeel is spot on for the style, with a lager-like crispness and velvety richness. This brew is nice and complex, yet is not overpowering in any one way."
"I'd recommend this one."
"Pours a black colour with a long lasting tan head. Lots of roasted malt in the aroma, some some caramel too. Sweet malty flavour some roasted notes too. A little thin in the mouthfeel. But it is very soft and easy drinking. One of the best schwartzbier i have ever tasted."
"This is a very nice Schwarzbier, one of my favorite lager styles. Complex and well balanced, this one is an excellent example of the style. A must try if you enjoy dark lagers."
"This beer is similar in color to a good porter. Just a bit of light gets through. Very little head, only a small ring around the edge. The smell is pretty faint. Maybe a little hint of roasted grains. The taste is of roasted grains with a slight cola-like taste thrown in. The mouthfeel and drinkability lift this beer up high. There is absolutly no negative aftertase. A very smooth beer. Slight bitterness is noted. As for drinkabilty, this is one of the best that I've had. I was somewhat relunctant to try this one but now I'm sorry I waited so long. This beer will be on my list to try often. This was my first from this brewer. It makes me want to try their other selections. A good beer worthy of much praise."
"This is probably the best beer I can think of for converting BMC drinkers who think Guinness is too ""dark."" It has that full flavored yet light taste, and its more chuggable than BMC could ever dream of being."
"500 mL bottle with no freshness date - served chilled in a pilsner glass. Pours black - between that of a porter and a stout - with ruby highlights and a 1 finger brown head that leaves some lacing. Smells of sweet chocolate, roasted malts, figs, apples, and a hint of metal right as I opened the bottle. There is both sweet and bitter chocolate on the palate, along with toasted malts, coffee, figs, a bit of raisins, apples, and green/spicy hops. Kinda like an imperial stout - quite nice. It has a medium to light body that is tingly like a lager yet smooth. A delicious lager that's better than Köstritzer in my opinion."
"D- This is a good solid schwarzbier that has a nice complexity to the dark malts and a smoothness to the finish. It would be nice to see a hint more hops for balance or some alcohol warmth (I know that is not to style)."
"Very black in color with a nice chestnut hue when held to the light. Small tan head. Decent aroma-malty with some roasted notes. Good malty, bold flavor with a blend of roasted and chocolate notes. Theres a tad hashness I cant place my finger on it almost seems as it might be a freshness issue. Overall the flavor is well done just this one element of it. Good body for style. A very drinkable beer. More roasted flavor then a lot of schwarzbiers I have had. Tends to be a bit more upfront and pronounced overall."
"The dark lager/schwarzbier style is really growing on me."
"Without a doubt one of the finest black lagers I have ever had the pleasure of sampling."
"Herold Bohemian Black Lager is an excellent schwarzbier. As noted, I've only had a handful, but I recognize a good one when I drink it. If you like incredibly flavorful, amazingly drinkable dark lagers, be sure to seek this one out."
"Pours a dark brown - almost black. Had a tan colored head that lasted a minute or two. The taste is very mellow, with very little evidence of hops and no bitterness. The aftertaste is reminscent of coffee. Would make a good dessert beer, and I think that it would go nicel with a piece of dark chocolate. It would be a poor choice for a heavy drinking session, as it has a somewhat cloying effect. An interesting beer, though not one that I'm likely to get again any time soon."
"Again, the same coffee flavors as on the nose, but more pronounced on the tongue. Mild flavors of toasted malts. Slight hop bitterness that carries a little ways into the finish. Finishes also with some lingering roasted malt notes and a slight astringency."
"Pours an opaque black with slight ruby highlights and a thin tan head. Aroma begins with a chocolate and roasted coffee aroma, followed by a currant and spicy saaz hops aroma. Taste begins with a nice chocolate, roasted coffee, currant and smoked meat malt profile, followed by a spicy and earthy hops flavor (i love those saaz hops). Mouthfeel is thin and suits the beer well with moderate carbonation. Drinkability is good. An excellent and very complex brew, definately a quality schwarzbier."
"Poured a deep brown color with boisterous tan head that lasted throughout the glass. Color appeared more reddish when held to the light. Smell is fantastic, a mixture of roated grains, plums, raisins, cherries. Taste is a nice roasted malt with hops only being detectable in the dry finish. Truly an enjoyable beer."
"Drinkability: it's good, quite good in fact, but it is no Kostritzer."
"Feels tingly on the tongue, with a slick yet chewy mouthfeel. Very drinkable."
"Jet black in the pint glass with small beige head. Slight mocha smell. There was a hint of chocolate in the taste, some molasses in the maltiness, could have been a little crisper. The mouthfeel was a touch disappointing. It started off much too light, almost watery, then the flavors kicked in and saved it. I'm not sure what causes this phenomenon, it could have been me. Despite this, the beer is good and makes a nice afternoon beverage. I really like this style but my local stores have only one or two others for me to obtain."
"500 ml bottle, bought at Pivni Galerie, Prague. Label says Herold Bohemian Black Lager, tmavý speciál, 13 degrees plato, Schwarzbier, ABV 5.2%. Very dark reddish brown colour, nearly black, deep ruby when held to the light. Moderate tan head. Excellent aroma of roasted malts, tar, leather and tobacco. Flavour of roastiness, notes of dark chocolate and liquorice, well balanced with the hops, not particularly sweet. Mouthfeel a bit too thin to deserve a straight ""5", still a very good beer. Recommended!"
"Pours a coal black with a light khaki head. Aroma is rich with a malty chocolate nose with a hint of bitterness. Taste is deep and malty with chocolate, coffee and a bit of burnt sugar. Taste is very full and porter like. Mouthfeel is good with nice carbonation. Drinkability is OK a bit heavy for what I thought it should be. Overall a very robust lager. The label says Schwartzbier, but it seems a bit heavy for that"
"Cola black body with light penetrating, but not all that easily. There’s a moderate khaki head that lingers for a bit then fades completely. The aroma is cake-like with a bit of chocolate and a bit of roast. The flavor is nice with more chocolate and more roast. There’s a little more body there than some schwarzbiers, but that’s a good thing. This is a really enjoyable lager."
"16.9 ounce bottle. Says Schwarzbier on the label. Says Schwarzbier in the aroma. Says skip it in the flavor."
"Herold's Schwarzbier pours a very dark and rich mahogany body with orange and ruby highlights. The creamy, light tan head holds quite well and leaves some nice splashes of lace about the glass. Mild darkly roasted grains appear in the nose along with some grainy Munich malts. It's medium bodied and smooth across the palate with a fine-bubbled, median carbonation that lightly caresses the tongue. In the flavor it's maltiness dominates: caramelish, chocolatey and roasty. Some light, grassy and floral hop flavors appear, unfortunately followed by some unwanted fermentation esters. It's well balanced, and it finishes dry and lingering. Quite flavorful and very drinkable."
"It was nice to get my hands on something besides a pils from the Czech Republic. i was quite eager to sample it and it did not disappoint. It is black with ruby highlights. The aroma is has some raisin and buttery notes. The body is not too thick and is fruity with some burnt maltiness that tastes of bittersweet chocolate. It finishes crisp and clean. Quite refreshing for being a dark colored beer."
"A very dark lager, with a small, short-lived, dark white/green head. Smell is very potent, butterscotch and sweet. Color is red /brown, hint of gold. Taste is sweet, malty and slightly bitter, with a chocolate aftertaste. Very refreshing dark lager overall."
"I've seen some reviews here that say this was a very nice beer so perhaps it was storage or transport problems but I hated it."
"Like burnt raisin toast, failry sweet raisiny start, with a burnt, but not roasty finish, some mollasses i there and a slight bitterness. Somehow, i expected a lot more, but in saying that, theres nothing wrong with this, a little sweet if anything.."
"Pours a black colour topped by a tanned head that settled down after a cuple of sips. The aroma was malty and light chocolate hints. Taste is malty and moderately chocolaty. I really liked this beer and it goes down quite easily. If you ever find yourself in Czech Republic try this one"
"This was an interesting beer. The pour was black, with a very thin light tan head. The aroma, which was really the high point of this beer, was quite terrific -- roasty malt with hints of chocolate and black cherries. The taste, however, was a bit hard to rate. The first sip was utterly disappointing -- seemed watery in feel and in flavor. After the beer had warmed, however, or after my taste buds adjusted and became better able to pick up subtleties, the chocolate and roasty character of the beer really came out, as did a nicely bitter finish. Even still, though, the aftertaste seemed to fade rather quickly, and left me with a rather watery feeling/flavor in my mouth. Not a bad beer, but overall I think a bit too mild to really impress me."
"My first Schwarzbier so I went into it not knowing exactly what to expect.  The pour was nice with some ""cascading"" action going on in the bubbles, creating a nice creamy, smooth, tan head which lasted forever.  It was a lovely, almost black, ruby color which you could only make out at the edges.  The aroma was malty, chocolates, and some caramel and a hint of roasted malt right before the beer hit my tongue.  With the way it looks and smells you expect to find a heavy full-bodied beer like a stout, but this isn't a stout.  The taste begins where the aroma left off with the roasted malt flavors, with hints of chocolate and caramel.  The beer has a very nice, crisp and clean flavor to it reassuring you that it is indeed, a lager.  Near the end, the roasted, coffee bitterness leaves you wanting more.  This combined with its clean, roasted flavors, and it's medium-low body make it a very refreshing and easy drinking beer."
"All around awesome !"
"The pour a deep blackberry color, the head is medium chocolate brown, creamy in consistency, modest in size, the lace velum like sheets that cling to the glass till the last drop. Nose is malt, molasses like tones, roasted grains, and quite ""Sniffable"" for a ""Lager"". Front malt sweet, the top light to medium in mouthfeel. The finish is potently hopped, quite dry, meekly acidic. Personally, only one of a handful of ""Lagers", that I find entertaining and worthy of recommending. Ranks #346 on my current 1000 beer master list."
"Deep garnet hue w/ excellent clarity.  Beige head settles in to a dense, tight layer that leaves lace.  The aroma is comprised of nutty and toasty Munich malt, mellow dark chocolate, & hints of black malt sharpness.  Beneath the dark caramel profile lies a lightly herbal Hersbrucker hop nose.  Quite appetizing aromawise.  Clean roasted grain bitterness upfront fades into a combination of dark caramel sweetness & subtle prune - like fruitiness, while bittersweet dark chocolate is present as a constant from start to finish.  Dryish mouthfeel.  The light hop bitterness allows black patent bitterness to dominate. Finishes w/ a light brown sugar sweetness fading.  Although abounding in malt character, this brew retains a refined, elegant dryness of a well lagered brew.  Very enjoyable."
"Black with a nice light brown head.   Noticeable chocolate aromas in the nose.  Taste was a whole lot of malt with nice burnt character.  Moderately bitter finish.  My first schwarzbier... I think I will be trying some more."
"It's desert. Desert. At first glance most people are turned-off. It's dark with a dark head. At first sip people are suprised. It smells like burned cookers chocolate. Definatly one to try and make a seasonal habit of."
"Very fresh, clean and smooth.  Burnt malt aroma and flavors with hints of Saaz mingled into both as well.  The finish lasts forever, leaving you with a lingering malt bitterness at the back of the throat making you want for more."
"This is an exceptional beer when drunken ice cold.  Very drinkable, I reached the bottom of each glass before I knew it."
