review_text
"Not bad by any means, but really not that good either.  Maybe a field trip to Czech Republic is in order to try it closer to the source.."
""
""
""
"Overall just an OK beer nothing special."
""
"Poured into a pint glass."
""
""
"From the 500 ml bottle bought at the Utah Liquor Store in Sugar House."
""
""
""
""
"Drinkability is good. This beer surprised me. I wouldn't call it a black lager. To me this tastes more like a porter or stout. It has a strong malt taste to it and very good going down. I was surprised at how much I liked this beer, but I would have it again if it was available."
"O: Worth the money"
"About average?....not terrible."
"Final Notes: It's an OK beer. Not something I would buy again, but it's not bad. Would probably make a great barbecue or tailgating beer. I would have given it a 3.5 on taste had it not been for that metallic back end - that taste is crap!"
"Drinkability: this is a nice, drinkable dark lager. ABV is low enough to be a really good session beer; although it is just a tad sweet to drink all night long, it's still good for a couple of pints."
"Suprisingly good dark lager. Happily, this bottle tastes quite fresh. God bless my local BevMo's Eastern European clientele. The beer is about the color of medium strength coffee. The head is big and rocky, lots of lacing. The aroma is sweetly malty, all caramel, dough and lightly toasted pumpernickel. The flavor is sweet with malt sugars just barely tamed by some subtle hops. This beer drinks a lot bigger than its abv. The mouthfeel is creamy and pleasing. It reminds me of a good dark mild made as a lager. Good stuff."
"D: This beer is quite drinkable. Easy to swallow, easy on the stomach, very tasty but not overtly complex. Would probably make a nice dark session beer, though it is equally enjoyable when drank slow. Glad I took a chance on this one and picked it up!"
"The aroma is very sweet with cola, toasted malt, coffee, chocolate, and syrup. The appearance is nice with a large foamy head and a red brown color. The flavor is like the aroma with a bit of fruitiness. The palate is thin. Overall it's interesting but it's sweet and a tad bit strange."
"Pours a nice black color, nice carbonation, nice little creamy tan head, with some sticky lacing to follow. The nose is malty, with lots of caramel. The taste is sweet, malty, with some caramel. Medium body. Drinkable, better than I expected. Thanks Chuck."
"D: Not bad at all, pretty simple flavors, but tasty nonetheless. Goes down easy. This could be a good session. A good change of pace for the brown ale drinker."
"The taste is sweet and creamy, toasty, fruity with hints of chocolate, a lot of sweetly caramelized prune and raisin, with very faint bitterness and a slightly dryish finish, toasty with a hint of leaves."
"Pours out a dark and clear amber/brown color with a thick off-white head. The aroma is full of toasted malts and light chocolates. A strong toasted malt flavor with a very sweet aftertaste. Some nutty and light fruit. A soft and medium mouthfeel. Pretty clean flavor, but a bit thin and watery. An interesting brew."
"4/3.5/4/4/4"
"D: Smellability is great, drinkability not so much."
"Dr: It is an average beer...no flavor that repulses but none that attracts. It's low ABV makes it a drink you could stay with late into the night...but why do it."
"LIke the old style simplistic label. 500 ml bottle. Good looking dark beer dark brown, bordering on black small tan head, bubbly, nice looking in my pint mug. malty sweet aroma, slightly smoky ash in the back ground. very coffee like accent to the taste as described by others,dark coffee with hints of dried fruit, not much hops happening, dry ,quick finish leaves the impression of wateryness. Pretty thin on the palate, but that might just be the finish. A drinkable enough beer, but totally unremarkable."
"The bottle is past the date stamped on it by about 2 months. Pours very dark with a pretty good head that is maintained as a thick lacing throughout the rest of the glass. Has a sweet, mild aroma to it, and also has a very sweet flavor. It's almost too sweet without having enough other elements to balance it or give it the stiffness it needs. It almost tastes like a mix between a belgian dark ale and a regular czech pilsner. It's good, and reminds me of my days drinking in Germany, but not a real stellar performance. The mouthfeel is pretty fizzy--nothing fabulous here. Maybe I was tired, but I was bored before I got to the end of the bottle."
"Very easy drinking for a beer this dark, as it warms a bit you get some chocolate after notes, it's really quite a pleasant beer, much to my suprise. It's not great, but is is good...cheers!"
"This beer is malty sweet with limited hops. It definitely isn't overdone. Cool, crisp and refreshing. Easy to drink but not overly unique. A good Czech beer."
"Not a bad beer for sitting around enjoying the scenery."
"A nice surprise. What is most surprising is the other ratings: makes me wonder if you were drinking this too cold -- this brew is supposed to be ""chillled:"" pour it at 45 degrees, not 35."
"A bit of an odd taste combination but not bad,"
"taste is ok i guess, i dunno, this isn't real exciting, i'm kind of looking forward to finishing this so I can try something else."
"No date on the bottle again. Well, started out promising, deep clear burgundy pour with nice tan head and lacey. Nice chocolaty malt aroma. Taste – hmmm, earthy, hoppy with a proper hop balance. But, crap, kinda thin and watery. Lite on the carbonation. So, it was OK and drinkable - a good summer session brew, just not anything special."
"Burgundy appearance with a fizzy light tan head. Aroma was accented towards a coffee like acidity with light fruits in the background. Flavor had more bready notes with a little residual sweetness. Body was lighter actually medium but the flavors weren't enough. Weak finish. Easy to drink, easy to enjoy one of but I'm done after that."
"Lowish level of carbonation is nice for the style. Quite drinkable if a bit unexciting."
"Had this at Spencer's Steak House in Salt Lake City. Maybe it tasted better than it should of since I had spent an entire day manning a booth at a convention but this beer really satisfied me. Nothing astounding, but a solid tasty black lager. Nice malty aroma, a little burnt malt or bitter chocolate. Definitely not too sweet. Quite crisp, dry, almost a metallic dryness, but not necessarily in a bad way. For $0.25 more than a Miller Light, I couldn't go wrong."
"Drinkability – I enjoyed the malt aspect of this lager but could do without the summer fruit character."
"Notes: Not bad at all, quite a appetizing dark lager that I would go back for time and time again. Made for a great lunchtime brew with hot pastrami on rye."
"Pours a clear black, with a creamy light brown head, moderate lacing, light carbonation. Has a sweet malty smell with hints of chocolate. When you first taste it, its really good, creamy and chocolately. A touch of bitterness at the back of the tongue, but finishes extremely thin, like water, and leaves a metallic and dry aftertaste. Tastes great at first, but finishes pretty awful."
"Pours a nice deep crimson color (looks better when held up to the light) with a pretty thin head,aromas of caramel and even a little brown sugar with a light burnt hint as well.Taste has a bready kinda note to it with some roasted malt with a big Czech hop note in the finish makes the beer very clean and dry tasting.A little thin in the body but a pretty solid Czech lager,a nice find."
"This beer looked and smelled pretty good. Color was very dark brown with ruby highlights when held up to the light. A bubbly tan head quickly faded to a thin ring leaving a trace of lace. The smell promised big roasted malt and coffee flavors. And those flavors were there... along with a big, off aftertaste that was somewhere between plastic and metallic. Letting it warm a little helped some, but it was still nearly undrinkable."
"Pours a deep, dark mahogany, with very little light coming through the glass. The aroma is all about roasted malts--chocolate. The taste follows suit with some mellow roasted malts. The mouthfeel is relatively smooth and there is a slight bitterness/dryness (hop?) to the finish. This mildly crisp end to each sip snaps you out of roasted malt mode, and reminds you that, ""Hey, I'm a lager too!"""
"Poured black with a thick tan head. Smelled of roasted malts, carmel, sweetness and some chocolate. The taste had chocolate and coffee notes and some maltiness to it as well. The aftertaste finished with a slight bitterness. Mouthfeel was very smooth. Overall a good beer."
"Dark brown color, large beige/tan head. Aroma is sweet and a touch grainy. Dark roasted malts, slightly sweet, lightly hopped, not a lot of bitterness. Medium bodied dark ale. Mouthfeel is full round and smooth. Finish is clean. Aftertaste is malty and slightly bitter."
"When this beer was poured into my glass, this beer had a small tan head with fine sized bubbles. The body was clear with a brown-reddish hue. The lacing was only fair on the sides of my glass with this beer. The flavor reminded me of burnt coffee and the mouthfeel was smooth."
"As it spills from the bottle, a very deep blackberry color, the head impressive in size, spumous in structure, light beige in color and the remining lace a nice coating sheet. Nose is caramel sweet, malt laden, fresh and pleasant to the senses, sweet at the start, lots of malt, the top thin and a bit watery. Finish is mildly acidic, crisply hopped, dry but the “thin-waisted” feeling detracts much and leaves me lacking and the best I can do is “Average”, and that’s stretching it a bit!"
"This is not a bad beer by any stretch, but it's also not something I'd go out of my way for either. There is very little complexity but the dark malts do factor into the flavor, but weakly. This struck me as a fairly pilsner-like beer despite the darkness."
"This is their best offering hands down. The body has a deep dark brown color with orange hue. Head pours large but disapates quickly to a cloud of off-white that floats on the surface. Not a fragerant brew but on a strong whif appetizing scents of sweet malts become apparent. Taste is unique. Not solely bitter or very sweet for that matter. A nice mellow blend of both with an odd 'metallic' aftertaste. Body is slightly chewy and carbonation is light. I would say this would be a very drinkable brew if not for that aftertaste."
"Light texture, smooth mouthfeel, very mellow. Light body, but very satisfying taste. Creamy, sweet, delicious. I like it, I like it!"
