review_text
"Nice transparent red colour. Smell of roasted corn, not very pleasant. Taste medium bitter. Average, not very exciting."
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"This beer poured out as a nice looking brown color. The head was big and fluffy, the lacing was pretty good down the glass. The smell of the beer was roasts and had a bit of smoke on the nose as well. The taste of the beer was a lot like a porter, it's roasted and has a slight sweetness to it. The mouthfeel was a little lighter than expected but still not bad. Overall the beer was fun to try and I enjoyed it."
"D: I have had other Polish beers that have impressed me. This beer is a resounding ""meh."""
"D: Goes down relatively easy, decent representation of style. based off the nose, and tastes, I would have preferred a touch heavier body, but a decent beer non-the-less."
"drinkability: again this is much dark than I expected and I really liked it."
"Drinkability: I really like this beer. There is a nice smokiness to this that is not overpowering. With the low abv, I could sip the four pack in a sitting."
"I liked this quite a bit. I was expecting a fairly average tasting beer and this was rather enjoyable. Something I'd go back again after having a single of and seek out a six pack to purchase the next time I'm in the mood for something like this. Definitely worth a try."
"Poured from a 22oz bomber into a beer mug, a deep reddish brown clour with a quickly dissipating head. Tastes of caramel and toffee all the way. A strong malt presence can be felt in the first sip - sweet with burnt sugar, almost too much for a Euro Dark Lager. Mouthfeel is thin and pretty above average on the sting. I would pass this as average on drinkability because of its sweetness."
"Not a match for the porter but few brews are. Shoot, for the price this is a great beer."
"D- The clean and toasted flavors are nice but they are hidden in the background. This makes me drink even faster to try and get more of that taste that is eluding my tongue."
"Drinkability is good enough to finish the bottle but not good enough to wish I had another one..."
"Really enjoyed this one. It poured a VERY dark brown, almost black, with a slightly off white head, about a finger and a half. A really nice looking beer, (and a neat looking bottle by the way). Smelled nice, sort of a burnt chocolate smell. The taste was what you would expect from the smell. Sort of a burnt chocolate with just a hint of bitterness behind it. Maybe a burnt bitter chocolate? Really, I expect it really is derived from their porter To me, it tastes like a porter. It reminded me a LOT of Sierra Nevada's porter. If the bottle has said porter, it would have been an excellent representation of the style. Medium carbonation felt just about right. A couple would be enough, due to the style. I really enjoyed it though. Would hightly recommend it, and I'm hoping they still have some in stock when I get back to the store..."
"Drinkability is pretty solid. For what it is as a Euro Dark Lager, this is one of the better beers I've had in quite some time and by far the best out of my Polish beer kick. Definitely worth picking up more in the future."
"To me this is more of a schwarzbier than a BP due to abv, thickness, and strength of flavor. As the latter, this would be among my favorites, but as a Baltic Porter, it lacks both punch and character."
"Dark tawny amber with a nice whipped mocha head that leaves sliding globs of lace down the glass. Smell is pretty mild, faint toasted cereal grain and dark malts. Tastes of semisweet chocolate and dark fruit that is perfectly balanced with bittering hops. Light bodied and well carbonated, a nice session beer."
"It reminded me of a schwarze bier in its soft malty character, which made it very easy drinking. Overall, I was expecting more of a roasted flavor, which was rather subdued."
"Overall, this is not something I plan on drinking again. Granted, it was a free bottle that I received due to an error, but that still doesn't make it a good beer. I'll stick with Okocim's exceptional porter, thank you very much."
"Overall, this was a decent Baltic Porter, but much to light for my liking."
"This is a pitch black, red hued beer with a prolific, slowly receding, thick tan head. Multi-layers of sticky, spotty lace cling to the pint glass, right above a good 1/2 finger covering of froth which doesn't go away until a drink is taken. Strong and sweet malt aromas float to the nose and envelop notes of butter, coffee, and slight medicinals. Has a medium to full-bodied mouth-feel, with a small amount of viscosity. The palate involves some spicy alcohol up front with some more sweet malts and a hop hit at the end for balance. Not as ""portery"" as expected, but still a good drinker that has it's own character to make up for it's shortcomings in the taste department."
"Excellent porter. Seems a little light to be labeled a Baltic, but very good nonetheless."
"This is good stuff, a beer with Baltic Porter flavors but an even higher drinkability. Very nice beer, I could see buying a four pack of this in the future for some sessioning."
"Drinkability: Were it not so sweet, this would be a very nice beer; as it stands, it is decent and flavorful, just not a style that I would seek out every day or many days, for that matter"
"Clear, dark mahogany-colored reddish-brown, with a moderately large, light tan head. Smokey nose, with deeply caramelized, molassesy and slightly burnt, grainy aromas. Full, thick, chewy mouth feel. Full, malty flavor, with lots of molasses and smoke up front, fading to mostly molasses with a hint of burnt, chocolate malt in the finish. Rather sweet, with no obvious hops at all -- just enough to provide counterbalance to the ample malt. Leaves a smokey aftertaste. Somewhat similar to a German Rauchbier, tho not as intensely smokey and caramelized. Rather like a Baltic Porter, too -- has the fullness and intense toasted malt character. Overall very interesting, but not necessarily outstanding. A little on the sweet side for me."
"D - Palone doesn't live up to the original Okocim, but still a good beer. Might well serve as a sessionable substitute for it's bigger brother. I'd drink more of this if I had more than one bottle."
"Drinkability is incredible, even though I've only had just this one bottle, I could drink these all day. Great price, not that heavy or strong, ridiculously good!"
"Apparently this is fire-brewed and tastes like it. A very smoky touch to it which I personally thinks works great. Almost remind me of a scotch ale with the smokiness to it. All in all, it works well and makes for a tasty smooth beer."
"Poured from a 500ml bottle. It pours well with a creamy head. Nice dark amber color. Smells like caramel malt. Not too aromatic but enough to peak my interest. Tastes a little weak but with the same sweet caramel malt as the smell. I expected more of a roastier flavor being that it is Fire-Brewed but it isn't bad. Drink well with soft aftertaste off of the tongue. I probably won't drink it again but it was an okay find."
"overall in comparison to their porter, this is much more sessionable, but still keeps the delicious flavors - very nice! i would buy again for sure :D"
"I got this at Discount Liquor in Milwaukee."
"Whatever style this beer is it is damn good. Nice low ABV aids drinkability. I would not session this because of the smokiness and burnt bitterness."
"Okocim's lighter sibling (compared to its 8.1% ABV porter) is an easy beer to get familiar with. I could see myself at a campfire roasting marshmallows with this beer in hand."
"A Polish beer? It's a first for me too! Out of the bomber this brew was a dark, wood-stain brown color with a fizzy khaki head. No visible carbonation, little retention (it looked almost exactly like a root beer!) and little lacing. Aromas of toasted malt and grain with horse-blanket mustiness (classically what one would expect from a Baltic Porter). Well balanced flavors of sweet malts, roasted malts and hops with a long smoky finish. Medium body and light to medium carbonation (the fizziness is again present in the mouthfeel). Nothing remarkable, but straight up, a fine brew."
"Extra apperance points for the super cool logo on the bottle. Pours a nice deep ruby with a large off white head, moderate lacing. Awesome nose a great purpley, granity aroma, the same that I love in sam smith's. It smells a little figgy, caramely and sweet. And tastes the same way figs, caramel you have to like a sweet beer to like this one but as I come back the simplicity and granity taste make this one a winner. It rolls across the tongue to a smooth finish and I could easily drink this all night long. Only the sweetness keeps this from a perfect score (in the dark lager or doppellbock category no similarity to a synbrnchoff, okocim or zyweic porters). I bought this beer looking for eastern european porter and got something totally different and totally delicious."
"Flavor is pleasant and unified. Certainly sweeter, and lighter than I had expected for a Baltic Porter. I don't think this should be in the Baltic Porter category, more like a very well done dark Euro lager. That said, this is quite tasty and easy to drink. A nice session, or crossover beer."
"A very flavorful brew, very balanced and easy to drink. Good job Okocim."
"D: A pleasant drinker, easy to consume. There are no real 'standout' qualities but still it's a solid choice - one I'm glad to have tried and one I'd snag again without much arm-twisting."
"This is a dunkel, not a baltic porter as the page suggests. It pours a nice clear brown with a small soft tan head. There is a great caramel malt aroma. It has a nice sweet subtle nuttiness in the flavor, possibly with a little vanilla. The mouthfeel is about what you'd expect from a dunkel. It finishes very nicely and leaves a little sweetness on your palate. Overall it's an enjoyable easy-drinking beer."
"Drinkability: Because of the wateriness, I don't feel like this is very filling, so I could probably drink a few. But because of the strange taste, I might not want to. Still, pretty good."
"Drinkability is good, not the best porter I've had but a nice variation."
"A bit watery; not what I was expecting from a Baltic porter, but softly carbonated and very drinkable."
"D - I'm totally disappointed. This is listed on this site as a Baltic Porter, but I totally disagree with that classification. I feel that this is more of a roasted Euro Dark Lager or something og that sort. It has more in common with a Munich Dunkel than it does with a baltic porter. Where is the big heavy body, the high ABV, the chocolate and roasted grains? This isn't terrible, but it's far from good."
"Very tasty, not as good as the original Okocim porter."
"It tastes sugary and sweet. There is a faint hoppy or bitterness in the finish of the drink. In the mouth is pretty thin. This to me could almost be a session beer, dark style."
"Smell reminds me of an herbal root tea. Very earthy. Taste has that too, but gets covered by the roasted malt flavors. A rubyish dark red porter, highly carbonated, thicker syrupy mouthfeel. Finishes pretty well with that same herbal root tea taste. A very unique beer, would like to see the brewing process on this one."
"Pours a five finger light tan head that fades slowly leaving some lace. Clear deep mahogany color. Light carbonation and medium-heavy bodied. Toffee/caramel nose. Flavor is sweet toffee, hops are in the background - balancing. Clean finish. Another decent beer from Okocim. $2.37 for a 500ml bottle from Liquid Solutions Oregon City, Or."
"Pours an extremely dark, yet clear ruby with a nice light tan head that falls rather quickly. Nose is malty like a pine cone almost. Light caramel tones there as well. Flavor is deep and pretty robust. Nice meaty tones to it. Nice sugary caramel flavors with an overall sweet tone to it. Feel is very bubbled and a nice thicker liquid feel over the tongue. Very drinkable. Easily sessionable. The sweet edge might turn some off, but I think this is a very good beer really. Great to try, and even better to keep as a regular."
"The beer pours from the 500ml bottle a somewhat hazy brown with definite ruby highlights, the head a three finger light brown that lingers long, lacing forms an obscuring sheet. Nose has a deep roasted grain aroma, sweet, caramel and a bit of licorice, clean and fresh. Start has a nice sweet toasted malt presence; just a bit bitter at the back, top is moderate in feel to the palate. Finish has customary acidity, the hops adequate, dry slightly bitter aftertaste, a drinkable beer, “Euro Dark Lager or Baltic Porter”?"
"Pours a very deep amber, almost black, with a off white head. Aromas of a sweet caramel malt. In the taste, a sweet malty taste, yet very lager like. A smooth, sweet mouthfeel and a dry end, with a dry, sticky aftertaste. Nice caramel sweetness, but very lager like, interesting and good."
"Taste is quite similar, milk chocolate and brown sugary sweetness, mild roasted malt, plums. Messy, juicy and wet. Very little dryness in this one, and it comes off as being watery. Carbonation is low as well. Final verdict: Too watery, too sweet, too awkward and too unbalanced for my liking, but not so awful it's undrinkable. The flavour is there, it's just not executed that well."
"Recommended. I'd still take their normal porter over this most any day, but this is a solid beer."
"The mouthfeel stays with this for ever. Silk crushed velet between your toes good. The brown tilted amber has a nice head that wish would have stayed around longer. It smells of a sweet malta type drink with a bock swager good but different. Taste of a sweet dark larger with a good bit of rounding out of flavors I have come to know as a baltic dark lager with a kiss of smokiness. This is a damn good beer and an all day drinker for sure."
"Poured from the 500ml bottle into a pint glass. Color is somewhere between amber and burgundy, topped by a smallish, light tan head that is rather short-lived. Aroma of sweet roasted malt, with notes of caramel and toffee and a hint of peat smoke. Palate is again dominated by sweet malt, a touch of roastiness, and sweet caramel and light fruit. Finish is actually fairly dry and ends with a touch of peat smoke. The body is rich enough to handle the sweet flavors here, with a slight velvety character - very nice. A well-built dark lager."
"A pretty nice brew, pleasantly surprised. Easy to drink, satisfying, and slick. Recommended."
"D-An above average dark lager. The mouthfeel and look of this beer are excellent. I will be picking this up again."
"But, overall, it is a solid beer. I do think the beer loses something in its downsizing. A baltic porter should be big and uncompromising and this beer ain't. Really, it tastes like a 50/50 mix of their OK beer and their Baltic porter. Both very good beers in their own right, but this combination is good -- but I'd rather keep those brews separate."
"Drinkability: I drank it slow, but it was decent."
"D: Quite drinkable."
"Nice pleasant to drink beer here that I think could just as easy be classified as a schwartzbier. A little too sweet I think but still not a bad beer and one I would drink again."
"Palone is nowhere near the excellence of Okocim Porter, but then I didn't expect it to be. It's probably my second favorite Euro dark lager behind Podkovan Dark, a Czechoslovakian beer that defines the style as far as I'm concerned. I love the bottles and the labels that Browar Okocim has chosen. Thankfully, the beer ain't too shabby either."
"This is a very nice looking beer. I had a pint bottle but only an Oz schooner glass so I had two pours. There was a nice creamy head but it didn't last long. The colour is like a deep coca cola garnet. The aroma was faint but a bit smokey and a little sweet. The flavour was interesting and kinda like a smokey chinese BBQ sauce. It's a bit sweet and some more hops might offset this for better balance but overall its an interesting and drinkable brew. It's also a medium body beer which is deceptive after initial inspection. It would be great with kransky or some other Polish sausage. Pity I'm a vego."
"Okocim Palone was found at Binny's in River Grove, IL"
"A tasty, easy-drinking brew. Dark malt with a mild, progressive smokiness."
"Easy to drink but quite forgettable...would pair well as a ""background"" beer with ribs or barbeque."
"A good beer! One will have no problem drinking this half liter bottle, my glass is already half empty after this review!"
"Picked up a 4 pack of 16.9 ozers for less than seven bucks. I'd say I got my money's worth. Maybe not quite what I was expecting from a beer from Okocim, but worthwhile."
"Found at Eagle Provisions, NYC. Very decent for its style, it has a decent dark appearance and malty aroma. Quite drinkable, nicely malted not sweet, balanced with some moderate bitterness. A bit of smoke in taste and average mouthfeel, I taste caramel. ."
"Poured into an Imperial pint glass a dark, translucent brown with half an inch of tan foam that dissipates quickly. Aroma was roasted, sweet smokey malts. Tastes of sweet raisin, caramel malt and semi-sweet chocolate, all with a slightly smokey overtone. Crisp with medium carbonation. This was very tasty and not as smokey as I thought it would be. Very subtle smokiness which is just what I was looking for. I would search this one out again."
"Palone pours a dark brown, almost black with only the slightest amount of ruby at the edges and an off white head from a brown 500 ml bottle. The aroma is kind of odd, almost woody. There is a smoky malt taste that predominates. Tasty, definitely worth a try."
"I love the whole FIRE BREWED marketing. A nice contrast to the Ice Brewed craze of the 90’s in the US and Canada."
"Recommended!"
"I was excited to try this as I loved the Zywiec Porter. It poured a brownish black color with a one finger tan head. Smell was intensely sweet, alcohol soaked fruit, and honey. Flavor was much of the same with a smoky overtone to everything and big sweetness, predominantly honey. I wasn't too fond of the combination of smokiness with fruit. This is a unique brew therefore I couldn't give it a bad rating, but I couldn't drink too many of these."
"The appearance is dark brown with a small tan head. The flavor is like the aroma and is moderately bitter. The palate is thin and the aftertaste is sweet toasted malt and chocolate. Light aroma of roasted and burnt malts. Very nice roasted malt flavor mixed with some sweet caramel malts. Really nice combination of flavors makes for a tastier than average Dunkel."
"Had this yesterday with some roast pork braised red cabbage and potato pancakes and an almost near perfect match in my mind.Poured a richy tawny brown with a light brown one finger head.Lighter aromas hints of brown sugar and smoke a little iron-like quality as well,flavors are subtle upfront but really came out with food that smokiness reappeares and really did show itself with flavors of the pork the lightly sweet brown sugar quality and caramel sweetness was a nice contrast to the braised cabbage,a nice fluffy-like mouthfeel kept the beer from being filling.What a cool dark lager unique in its smokinees I think and quite nice subtle complexities to go along with being just crazy food friendly,a real Polish winner here."
"Pours a clear chestnutty brown, topped with a pufy, cream colored head. Unusual color, as brown beers are actually more like mahogany. This one's much more towards an aged leathery brown color. Good retention and lacing, sticking around for the long haul. Pretty dunkel-like aroma, with a hint of woodsy, campfire smokiness. Light, but present and intriguing. A bit of floral hops in the mix. The flavor opens with lagery clean malt. Sweetly roasty in that dunkel way, burnt caramel, with an added splash of wood-smoked malty sweetness, which always reminds me of smoked cheddar or bacon. Clean all the way through. Absolutely no off flavors. Lightly smoky finish, with modest floral hop bitters. Dryish, with feisty carbonation. Lightish bodied. A nice sessioner with a bit of smoke for complexity, but not enough so that you can't even look at bacon for a week. I'd like to see one of these brewed by a US craft brewery, rather than a smoked porter."
"""Fire-Brewed Dark Beer"". Pours an dark brown, almost pitch black color with a creamy light tan head. Smell consists of coffee and slight hints of dark fruit and chocolate. Taste is just delicious! Taste starts out with sweet roasted malt, and finishes slightly bitter with a lingering coffee aftertaste. Wow! Mouthfeel is velvety smooth. Overall, this is an outstanding brew that is definately recommended."
"This is a difficult beer to review...it's tasty, with a nice smoked flavor, but not enough to be a porter. A beautiful dark beer, with a 1/2 inch head on it. The smell is sweet malt and smokey, roasted malt. It's a great full beer, both in taste and mouthfeel, that really makes me realize that flavor and how a beer feels in my mouth is really the most important thing fr me, appearance and aroma are great...but give me taste anytime. I think on of these is my limit."
"Overall a very interesting beer. Essentially a light bodied porter. Nothing really that amazing here, but enjoyable nonetheless."
"16.9 ounce bottle."
"I am familiar with Okocim's Porter so I eagerly jumped at the opportunity to try this one - Since it is a large bottle (0.5 l) I poured it into a large glass (over 0.5 l) - It poured a dark reddish-black with a large tight tan head which dissipated slightly leaving nice lacing - The aroma is immediately malty and sweet with hints of dark fruits - The taste is also malty and slightly sweet and fruity but very complex with hints of smoke (after all the malts are ""fire roasted) around the edges - It is full-bodied and smooth and drinks really easily - It's not perfect but it certainly got my attention as a beer that I'd like to keep around"
"A good beer that is very drinkable and enjoyable. Try it."
"It's a pretty drinkable beer and if I find it on-tap I will give it another go. I won't ask my friend to bring this one back from Poland again."
"Some head 'residue', a muddy brown with amber highlights when held to the light. A rather pleasent aroma, nice nose on this one. Some smokey chocolat - darker malts well present. Light bodied but quite decent tasting for a dunkel lager. A little watery maybe but I think it's just part of this style to not be too robust. Nice malt featured in the back part of the mouth. Not much aftertaste or finish, but more taste as far as in terms of standard lagers - like a refreshing taste. This, I found, to be perhaps a little artificial at times, very caramelly malt but reminds me of ""purple freezies"" in being more of an artificial flavour. I think perhaps it's the amber malt leaving me with this feeling. That aside, this is a good one; not bad at all. Tasty."
"An interesting brew. Clearly an effort to design a Rauchbier for the masses. As already mentioned, much better than regular Okocim lager. Worth a try."
"Update - I thought I'd update by 2006 review with a 2008 sample. It is greater than the sum of its parts. My ratings are all 3.5 with one 3.0 but I will buy this whenever I see it in the store. It's nothing stellar but strangely sessionable."
"500 ml bottle, bought in Poland. Beautiful dark mahogany colour, large and lasting creamy tan head. Aroma of rye bread, caramel and toasted malts, hints of leather. Flavour is very rich and malty sweet, you might say VERY sweet. Notes of caramel and plenty of lightly toasted malts. Hints of coffee. Just enough hops in the finish to balance the sweetness. Interesting beer!"
"D: while remaining an easy-drinking dark lager, it lacks enough flavour and body to make it really enjoyable, hence the below-average drinkability."
