review_text
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Overall the thing that I find odd on this is there is not even a hint of sweetness from the malts or anything else. I am not into sweet, but couldn't there somehow be some sweetness here and particularly malt depth to this beer? I'll pass."
"Really not my cup of tea, baby"
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"O: average at best, just was not a pleasant beer to drink, with all of the other, much better chocolate beers out there, there is no way i will ever buy this again, sorry fellas"
""
""
""
""
""
"Pours a deep copper color with a stingy white head minimal retention and lace. Smells of caramel, butterscotch, Hershey's chocolate syrup, light bit of roasted grains with little to no hop presence. Taste is sweet with chocolate, vanilla, caramel, hints of coffee. There's barely any lupulin to be found in this brew and the sweetness builds because of it. Medium body and carbonation level with a creamy syrupy mouthfeel. Sweetness aside this is not a bad brew. The label claims they use cacao nibs in this, I was thinking it taste more like chocolate extract myself. I'll bet this would be good over ice cream."
"Definitely worth a try."
"12oz bottle. Pours a light brownish, amber color with a thin layer of head. Aroma is of roasted malts, chocolate, and a hint of burnt coffee. Taste is of chocolate, toasted marshmallows, vanilla, and roasted malts. A bit earthy. This is a lighter, crisp beer that strikes a good balance with the chocolate flavor. A lot easier to drink than most chocolate beers. This is one of the best beers of the Winter Mix 12 pack. Just like the Big Moose Ale, I wouldn't mind seeing this in its own six pack. Overall, an interesting beer that is worth having again for certain."
""
"I like beer. I like Hershey syrup. They aren't supposed to go together. I'm pretty sure that a chocolate beer could work, but it doesn't here."
""
""
"I was pretty excited to try this from my favorite brewery. Poured into a pint glass, amber color with a creamy one finger head. The head fell apart fairly quickly and almost no lacing. Smells a little of cocoa, more of a coffee smell. A little thin on my tounge. Tastes of a mixture of chocolate and malt, but neither is terribly impressive. Highly carbonated. Just OK I guess, but then I hold Saranac to a high standard."
"really shocked by how nice this one was, really a stellar example of the style and one of the better beers of the night."
"Pours black with a 1 finger tan head with a light chocolate aroma. Light Chocolate and roasted malt flavors. Very thin mouth feel is not helped by the higher carbonation. Overall not terrible, but nothing noteworthy here. Lacks depth and balance. Boring."
"Yanked from a Saranac mixed pack and poured into my standard shaker glass. This lager appears a clear deep crimson brown color with about an inch of fluffy ecru foam. Smells and tastes of medium roasted grains, a slight touch of chocolate malt and caramel, mild, grassy hops. Rather thin bodied and could use a bit more carbonation for it's style."
"Thanks for sharing Jay!"
"Thanks Jason for sharing. An average beer with chocolate aroma, a little soapy head and some lace on a clear chocolate body. A below average mouthfeel, ike a chocolate Hershey drink, lagerish with chocolate an some sourness in the finish.Not getting roast, if so its very faint."
"It's a very interesting brew, to say the least. Not quite what I was expecting, but it's pretty refreshing and satisfying. Not bad, but I can't help myself from thinking it's kind of like a bad porter."
"(rated Dec 13, 2007)"
"It's O.K., but not really worth going out of your way for."
"Pours a chocolate amber... what a surprise?!? Smells very sweet with a hint of chocolate. Tastes like burnt roasted sweetness with barely any chocolate taste. Doesn't taste much like a lager. Not horrible, but I wouldn't seek out this brew. This would be a good beer for someone that hasn't had really good beer, as it is fairly light, but has some interesting flavors. A little interesting, but definitely not too offensive for the casual beer drinker."
"A darkish brown, almost black body with a tan, two finger head that stuck around for awhile. A light, roasted malt smell with maybe a hint of hops. A decent, dry roasted malt taste, medium=boided and creamy. Very light chocolate notes and a rather bland, syrupy beer. Not too bad, but not worth seeking out."
"Only a slight hint of chocolate in the smell and in the taste of this one. I thought it had way too thin of a body and the carbonation was not apparent enough. It was a little too hard to enjoy with it being so 'flat'. On the plus side, it was a style I really never had too much before, wasn't too bad price-wise, and was somewhat tasty and was very smooth."
"Another specialty brew from Saranac. It pours a very dark brown color. Not a whole lot to the aroma but there's a faint roasted malt scent. Roasted malty flavor, coffee and a little bit of chocolate. The flavors are a bit weak but this was pretty nice."
"T/M/D: A little lacking, but the roasted malts and chocolate notes are there. A bit grainy and not a great deal follows on the finish, which is a little disappointing. Ultimately ends up being like a very, very light porter - though the body is about the same as one in some ways. A little unusual, but not a horrible experience. That strange, somewhat metallic flavour - the 'Saranac flavour' that I've mentioned in other reviews of these products is there in some way, and I fear I'll never understand what exactly it is that brings that out."
"Overall - this was on sale for $4/6 pack, which was pretty good. This is a decent chocolaty lager that is kind of like a porter. It would complement a steak dinner or ribs. Better served cold."
"D: The flavors are weird on this one but it does have a lot of flavor with low ABV. Another gift to beer geeks on a budget."
"It has a dark murky brown color with dark red highlights. The head is tan in color, foamy and leaves nice lace on the glass. There is a dark malty aroma with a heavy toasted flavor. There are some chocolate notes as well as some mildly bitter hops within a creamy smooth medium bodied palate. This is a very good offering from the Saranac family of beers."
"Black and thick with a super fine bubbled tan head with spotty lacing. It has a mild wheat aroma with decided metallic hints. The flavor is coffee and delicate chocolate with a smokey bite at the back. I sensed a little metallic taste at first but it disappeared. Very drinkable. Fairly fizzy. It disappointing but still worth the try. I wouldn't mind giving it another shot."
"After the first few tastes this beer seemed drinkable, but the more I tried the less I wanted to continue."
"Drinkability: A solid lager. In the ages of the ALE, this beer is sessionable and delicious. Perfect for any chilly night. One of Matt's better beers."
"D: Okay drinkability I guess. Not heavy but It doesn't leave me wanting another. One of the better beers in the Saranac variety pack this came out of."
"Dark brown with a small head that laces well. Smell is faint malt with a slight smoky quality. Chocolate is not really discernible.Taste is sweet, malty with a nice crispness.Once again, I didn't get the chocolate, but the malt was still very nice. Mouthfeel is rich, chewy. Drinkability is good..smooth light crispness."
"I bought a six pack of this based on the name alone. Chocolate Amber Lager sounds really appealing. I wasn't extremely pleased with this, but to me most of Saranac's beer leave me with the same feeling."
"D: Fairly decent beer. Probably best not to drink more than one or two. One is enjoyable but more just seems like too much."
"Dark--too dark?--black lager with creamy head that traces nicely in the glass (quite attractive)...thick brown half-inch head...malt/hops are nondescript--chocolate? not so much... slight effervescent... textures on the tongue feigns a porter more than a dunkel... soft toasted malts add a weight to the experience--smooth and swift with hints of corn... a dark lager that has little dunkel quality--pleasantly toasty for the colder evenings.. Saranac seems to have a circle of winter beers that run together in taste, and this is certainly one of them..."
"Pours a dark muddy brown with a two finger tan colored head that dies down to a puffy layer of thin bubbles. Stickiness is quite impressive, good lacing remaing on the sides of the glass. Smell is of musty noble hops and a funky cardboard aroma. Some caramel and faint chocolate malt in the nose. Just a weak aroma overall. Charred birch bark up front with a subtle malt sweetness of cocoa powder. Taste is a bit ""blah"" to me. Dirty aftertaste of hay and mud with lemon. Slick watery feel with an almost medium body. Flowing carbonation from start to finish. I don't know about this beer. It's inviting with ""Chocolate"" in the title, but doesn't live up to it. Maybe I say this after having ST's Choklat on draft a few nights ago."
"This beer poured a very dark opaque brown with a two-finger head. The smell is mostly roasty malts with some coffee and chocolate notes. The taste is mostly roasted malts with a little bit of bitter chocolate characteristic with an emphasis on the bitter. The beer has a decent amount of carbonation and a fairly thick mouthfeel, but sits a little heavy for me to consider drinking more than one at a time if I ever even grab it again. Interesting beer to try, but it's definitely not going to make it into my regular rotation."
"Drinkability & Notes: A little hard to put down due to the husky and mildly acrid flavors. There are many other dark lagers that are worthy of my palate as this one does not make the cut as far as my taste goes."
"D: eh, nothing special. I had one and that's enough for me."
"Not a bad beer but ive had better munich's."
"Poured into a standard pint glass. Color was dark brown, almost black. Head was off-white and dissipated almost immediately into little more than a thin skim. Scent of malt and chocolate. Taste similar to nose. Mouthfeel was on the watery side with a little effervescence on the tongue, but somewhat of a chalky finish. A more or less mediocre brew."
"Overall, I feel that Chocolate Amber is a bit overwhelming and complex. But to me this is what is great about trying beers, its worth a try by all means."
"d: quite easy, a drinkable yet flavorful lager"
"D: It's GOOOD! I haven't said that on Saranac beers much, but this one was better than the rest and would warrant a repeat visit."
"D - A bit too much acidity and unevenness, but solid overall"
"Pours like a porter or stout. Basically a pitch body, with a tan head and a malty nose. Very sweet first taste. A nice roasted malt flavor that comes of citrusy and clean. Mouthfeel is a little thick for a lager, but over all a pretty enjoyable beverage"
"Pours black with amber hues at the edges. Very minimal light tan head. Smell is slightly sweet, a bit roasty/chocolatey, with some light hops and just a bit of astringent alcohol. Taste is fairly complex, a mix of sweet malt and caramel, chocolate, and roasty malts with just enough hop bitterness to balance this beer out.Mouthfeel is good, light-medium body with low-moderate carbonation. Drinkability is quite good. This beer is fairly light in terms of body but has some of my favorite flavors. This might be a good gateway brew for people who ""don't like dark beer""."
"A little dry in the feel, chalky. Smoother at the end. Medium bodied. Feels like a stout first, then an amber. Not bad but not amazing. Feel like a mixed bag."
"Drinkability: OK. Not a great Munich Dunkel. It might make a decent session beer from some."
"This one is somewhat enjoyable, except for the finish. I like the flavors it presents up until the end. Barely recommended."
"Had this in their sample pack. I was a bit taken aback by the appearance: extremely thick darkness. We are talking complete brown-black color that more looks thick than creamy. The head was also probably the darkest foam I have seen in awhile. Its smells are pretty faint for what I expected: roasty aromas of mainly light malts and caramel. But really no chocolate I could detect. The taste did have more of a chocolate taste but it was so light and wrapped around some coffee-ish flavors that it really minimized that flavor. Mouthfeel really got me disappointed. The drink was really watery and lacked any punch to it, especially with those flavors; way too carbonated I would say. Overall, it is approachable and accessible since it lacked any overpowering qualities, but that also hinders it from really actualizing some potential."
"Drinkability: An ok beer, IMO, it is certainly better then most of the macros in terms of flavor, but the smell and slightly bitter taste limit it."
"Pours a very deep brown, although it looks more like it's from the chocolate instead of being a dark lager. Decent head and lacing. Nice chocolate scent, but not very much else. For a lager of any kind I would say it's weak, but it gives the chocolate scent as promised by its name. Same for the taste. It's almost like chocolate milk, but with beer. Not much to taste from the lager side, as it's covered up by the chocolate. Then again, if you don't like chocolate style beers, you shouldn't be trying this one. It goes down very, very smoothly. It would be easy to drink a few of these, if you like the flavor, although too many and it will sit in your stomach like several chocolate milks would. It won't be a problem to finish these off, but I'd prefer a hint of chocolate flavor, instead of nothing but chocolate flavor."
"# 2 from the sampler was this one ; pours an almost black ruddy brown w/ a thin tan head which dissipates quickly leaving a minimal amount of lacing, too dark for the style, as well ; a roasted/ chocolate malt aroma prevails w/ some faint fruity, date-like alcoholic undertone ; a rich, dry chocolate malt and roasted malt profile, balanced w/ hop bitterness do make it reminiscent of bakers chocolate, i rather enjoyed this one, more like a stout than a dunkel w/ some yeasty esters ; a dry, med bodied beer, nice co2 level, makes the flavor stick around a while ; definitely a drinkable beer, hard to believe it's a 5.8 ABV brew..."
"I wish there were more than two in the holiday twelve-pack, but hopefully the others will live up to this one."
"Overall, not a bad beer, but not exceptional. Easy to drink with a decent flavor. But, maybe sometimes you need a beer that's not over the top. :-)"
"Popped it open and poured it into a nonic. A rich black with an inch of cappuccino foam. I don't quite see what's so 'amber' about this chocolate brew. It smelled like sweet chocolate, with hints of coffee. The taste was sweet, yet bitter, much like a a good, dark chocolate. It had a mild carbonation that danced on the tongue. A decent brew, but definitely one to have for dessert with a block of dark chocolate. Certainly not a session beer."
"Nice dark body but the head was small initially and disappeared quickly. The aroma isn't strong but there is a burnt smell in there. The flavor doesn't stand out either but has a certain ""Saranac"" quality to it. The body is pretty light and the drinkability isn't great."
"I would assume this beer aged quite well. I can't remember drinking it 5 years ago but I have to wonder if it was this good."
"Overall, another somewhat unimpressive selection from Saranac. It doesn't fail as a winter brew, however, as it is sweet and warming."
"12 ounce bottle, part of the Saranac 12 beers of winter pack. Served in a Sam Adams BL glass, the beer pours very dark brown with an inch and a half frothy tan head. Head retention and lacing are both pretty good. It smells like chocolate and roasted malt, not much else to it. Taste is similar to the aroma, with a bit of bitter hops in the finish. Mouthfeel is medium, it's nice and smooth with moderate carbonation. Drinkability is good too. Overall I think this is a good beer, I could drink quite a few of these at a time. It could use a little more chocolate IMO, but it's still good. Not a bad choice at all!"
" This is a unique hybrid-ish brew that I found to be better than avaerge for this Brewery and not at all hard to drink."
"Pours black with a big light tan head. Lacing on surface and sides. Mild roasted malt aroma with some chocolate notes. Mild chocolate malt flavor. A little roasted malt bitterness. Some herbal hops are present in the finish. Balanced. Medium bodied and smooth. Quite drinkable. Solid beer overall"
"Pours a black color with an ample brown head. Aroma is smooth and malty with a hint of chocolate in the nose. Taste is much of the same. Kind of sweet on the tongue with the lager characteristics shining through a very thin layer of roastiness. Very drinkable and simple. A good start for the style. The chocolate part is subtle and could use a bit more ""oomph""."
"D - Not being a chocolate fan, this isn't too terrible. I definitely liked the toasted quality, whether that was a product of storing for the last 6 months or not."
"Saranac Chocolate Amber is a strange beast that, in my opinion, is best thought of as a black and tan. In looking back at my review of the brewery's actual Black & Tan, which I consider to be one of their best offerings, I don't see a whole lot of difference between that beer and this one. SCA is a little too unrefined to be a star, but is a reasonably pleasant brew all the same."
"taste isnt all that chocolate, though there is some with some coffee, but nothing too robust. very easy beer to drink. it is what it is a darker lager, with a more deep taste than a lager might have but nothing super layered, or super interesting. I must admit im almost through my saranac mixer 12 pack. saranac puts out alot of good products. few really wowed me, but they make an above bar brew time and again, at an affordable price (note price did not affect my scores if so, they would be higher) anyway, good show saranac"
"pours a dark brown with ruby highlights and a three finger tan head that held well and a fair amount of lacing. weak dark chocolate and roasted malt aromas. taste is better with slightly bitter chocolate mixing with the roasted malt and dark caramel. mouthfeel was light with a slight after taste. good drinkable beer but not special in any way."
"I wish my friend would have brought back another sampler pack from this brewery, its so nice that there are 12 different beers"
"Overall, it was not at all what I would have expected form the style. It is too lite and watery for me. It is drinkable, but I would rather have something else, given the choice."
"Drinkability is reasonably good, though I'm ready to move on to something else. Neither the worst nor the best of the 12 pack sampler. I would not buy this on its own."
"Poured a dark murky brown with a quickly vanishing head. Aromas are fleeting; coffee, slight green hops, some roasted malts. Taste is not much different- first a sweetened toffee followed by burnt black coffee. Almost burning and acidic with raw hop bitterness. Some chocolate malt attempts to break through in the finish but is held back by the ugly coffee and burnt malts. Watery finish and goes down easy if you can ignore what your tastebuds are tellling you."
"Right off the bat, I could only get it to prduce a very thin, off-white head that had little retention. The color was a deep, dark brown with ruby highlights. The nose was sweet, especially with a cocoa scent. Mouthfeel was medium-to-thick with a light chocolate presence in the mouth. The finish had a full, effervescent feel to it with the same light chocolatiness continuing."
"The drinkability is good. I would not mind trying it again. Prosit, MK"
"-Oelergud"
"A surprise in the mixed pack. Would work well as a pairing for smoked mozzerrella. A decent offering if you are looking for something with a range of flavors. Worth a taste."
"Urk."
"A good dark session lager. I'd buy it again."
"D - Its ok, not the top of my list. I wou;dn't buy it again though."
"On a side note, Saranac is a local brewery and I am a big fan. They are great with the community and do a lot of great events at the brewery for the public (Saranac Thursdays!). If you ever find yourself in Utica, NY looking for something to do, tour Saranac, you will not be disappointed."
"Poured a dark brown color with hints of amber. Small tan head that dissipated quickly. The smell was kind of faint for a style that uses roasted malts. The lager had a sweet roasted malt flavor, though not very chocolatey, with a bitter hop aftertaste. The mouthfeel was moderate with decent carbonation. Nothing special about this lager, not something I would drink many of."
"The taste is more of the same; big chocolate, sweet malt, and very little hop presence. It wasn't overly complex, but it did the job. Mouthfeel was thin, which is Ok for the style. Serviceably drinkable. One of the better ones out of the Saranac winter pack."
"Got this in the Saranac 12 Beers of Winter Sampler. Poured a dark chocolate brown and had a nice lasting head to it. Had a chocolate malt smell. It had a rich malty flavor, dry finish and medium bitterness. Reminded me of a porter but less sweet. Overall, this was a very enjoyable dark beer."
"Cheers!"
"Drinkability would be better if the taste was up to par."
"Appears a deep ruby brown with highlights coming through head forms a milky coffee tone with a biscuit texture to it and good retention. Aroma has a dark chocolate roasts with herbal hops coming through very nice roasts come off with a cofee and dark chocolate presence. Flavor has creamy mild cofee with bitter dark chocolate notes big herbal hop flavor with mild bitterness nice but kinda porterish to me, also has a clean roasty mild fruity note it's just solid. Mouthfeel is medium bodied even carbonation silky feel to it on the palate. Drinkability is outstanding stuff more like a porter than a chocolate amber although I haven't had many to compare it to...I wouldn't mind seeing this one year round."
"Major flavors include: chocolate and cocoa with a crazy smoothness. Very creamy and light while keeping a respectable chocolate malt flavor. I enjoyed this one."
"i was pretty suprised with this. not as upfront with the chocolate as i would have liked but decent enough. a testament to this beer though is the drinkability. this beer went down ultra smooth. poured more of a brown amber than a black. very little nose. taste is smooth and okay. don't know how it would stand up to Brooklyn Brewery's offering, but not many in this style do."
"Poured 12 oz bottle into a glass mug. Nice, rich dark amber color with thin, tan head that dissipates quickly into a ring. A malty, fruity, chocolaty smell that permeates your nostrils quite nicely. A roasted chocolate taste with a bitter aftertaste. Interesting, salty remnants left on your lips after each sip. A pretty good mouthfeel. A good beer to drink during the winter; good if you're into chocolate beer."
"This 12 oz. bottle was from a 2006 ""Beers of Winter"" variety pack.None of the Saranac beers in this box has any freshness dating. Pours clear ruby almond with a nice looking tiny bubble head, film and then wispy lacing. Nose is of dark chocolate and sweet malts. This is a sugary sweet ale, chocolate and cocoa quite present in the flavor profile. Perhaps with dessert? Not my cup of tea..."
"Pours black with red hues with a dark tan head that fades quickly. Smell is mostly malt with hops and chocolate characters. The taste is similar to other Saranac beers with the exception of the chocolate which is somewhat low key. Compared to other chocolate brews this one is much more subtle. The chocolate comes through more in the aftertaste. The mouthfeel is ok, a small hop bite. If you are a Saranac fan this is an easy drinker with a subtle twist. This is a good brew and worth checking out."
"Pretty cool little beer if I do say so myself, worth a try."
"M&D - a well blended and well balanced flavor and an easy down beer, even the girlfriend didnt mind it, i very much like this beer, well done Matt's"
"Anther Winter pack beer from Saranac...Pours a very dark brown color with a big, thick head with very good retention and lacing (poured from a bottle into a pilsner glass). The smell it has isnt quite as strong as I would have expected. Has a very malty, grainy taste to it. Has a strong chocolatey, coffee taste to it. Feels fairly light in the mouth, and has a lot of carbonation. Overall a decent beer, but nothing too special."
"Overall a very tasty lager. Easy to drink and rather robust."
"D: I see myself having a bottle or two before the flavors overwhelm my palate."
"Drinkability: not that impressive as this is thin and just plain dull. Not one of the highlights of this mixed 2 pack. The best part of this beer is the way it looks."
"I poured from a 12 ounze bottle into a pint glass (one of these days I'm either going to stop buying 12 ounze beers or start buying 12 ounze glasses). It poured a nice color with a good head. The retention was fair and so was the lace (but not very sticky). There wasn't much of Chocolate taste or smell. For the most part it was an average beer. Don't drink and review."
"D: I'm moving straight to the subjective here. I didn't really enjoy this, largely because the toasted aspect came off as ""burned," which wasn't inviting at all. The next time I try this (there is always a next time), I'd like to try it in a snifter."
"Drinkable? Sure. But it is not all that special. However, sometimes a Texas-leaguer over the second basemen’s head is all I need. Not every beer needs to be a homerun. This is one of the better Saranac beers I’ve tired (especially recently). It is very approachable but tasty enough for anybody to like it. This offering was part of a 12-beer sampler that I purchased in Lawrence, KS. It’s a decent, try one."
"THE BLOODHOUND FACTOR: Peaches when apeshit over this one, really dug it. Benjie didn't even get a taste."
"I would much rather drink Ramstein's Winter Wheat if given a choice between these two. It had variation, bitterness, a more dominant wheat taste to it, and was much more filling. This is a basic beer for those who want to adjust to a craft brew easier. However, that's all this beer is - a stepping stone to bigger and better things that await those willing to experiment a bit more. I wish this a more solid offering..."
"The body is a little to thin for my liking, other than that a nice product by Saranac."
"D - Another ""hey I'm a beer"" offering from Saranac. Nothing bad, but nothing all that good."
"Part of the Saranac ""12 Beers of Winter"" holiday mixed 12 pack. Pours a dark rich mahogony brown with a decent head. Aroma is thick, sweet and malty with mostly coffee and chocolate notes. Taste is very similar, bittersweet and malty with hints of roasted nuts and toffee. An interesting addition to the Saranac line, but not one I would seek out."
"Pours very dark borwn, nearly black, with ruby highlights. Thin and creamy head holds very well, leaving waves of sticky lace. Coffee/chocolate malt aroma, english hops, and a touch of dark fruit alcohol vapors in the nose. Flavor begins malty sweet with lots of chocolate malt and roasted barley, and the aftertaste is dried by a spicy german hop bite. Medium body with an even carbonation that gives it a smooth mouthfeel. Easy to drink and a pleasure to taste. Good representation of the style, good balance, good job Saranac."
"I think that this was one of the better beers from the winter 12 pack."
"Straight out of the ""12 Beers of Christmas"" winter pack, I was looking forward to this one. It poured with a thin, finely beaded, off-white head and a deep brown color that was lowly carbonated. The nose gave off some good aromatics, mostly that of a dark chocolate bar. The body is medium but still manages to give off a wholesome feel, if that makes sense. The namesake chocolate is accompanied in the taste by a toasted barley aspect. Its very roasty and borderline smokey in nature. Still the bitterness of the dark chocolate edge is what defines this brew. It finishes bitterly and a tad dry, with some nice earthen grit. Almost a meal in itself."
"This beer is not bad. It has an enjoyable taste and good balance of flavors that make it easy to drink, but it certainly has no outstanding elements. A well conceived offering, and easy to drink, but nothing to intentionally seek out."
"D - It isn't hard to drink, but it isn't a great taste at all. It's very lacking."
"Pours a very dark, slightly reddish brown with a small, light tan, creamy, mostly diminishing head. Good lacing. The smell is of moderate malts giving it an aroma of milk chocolate. Hardly any detectable hops. The taste is dominated by roasted malts with a small burnt taste in there. A ha! The hops ARE there. They just don’t show themselves much at all until the finish. It has a medium body, lightly astringent mouthfeel and low carbonation. Not bad, but a little on the uninteresting side."
"Overall = One of the better Saranac beers that I've sampled so far in their Holiday pack. Still nothing exceptional but it's drinkable and decent."
"Mouthfeel/ Drinkability: The beer is light bodied. Sadly the potential of this beer is ruined with a acrid taste. Just an average drinking beer that needs a bit more cleaner taste."
"Overall, not super, but a solid brew and one of the best in their box and line."
"decent dark lager. nothing to seek out, but a pleasant drinking experience."
"Pours a dark almost opaque brown with two fingers of dense head, very good retention for a Saranac beer, and some nice big lacing as well. Taste is a decently strong sweet malt overlaid with a cocoa powder kind of chocolate. Taste is a nice malty taste, somewhat sweet somewhat roasted, with some definite dark chocolate flavors and a slight hoppy finish. Mouthfeel is slightly thin, but that's to be expected. This is a rather rich flavorful beer for Saranac, not terribly complex, but definitely more full-flavored than most of their beers, and the first from the Christmas pack I'd actually want to try again."
"Wow, this is actually a pretty good beer. Not spectacular which I guess is the idea, but very quaffable. Definitely a candidate for winter slugging, which I guess is the idea."
"Poured a small, foamy, light brown colored head that left a cobweb of lace. Dark brown colored beer with a ruby hue. Faint aroma of chocolate, dark malt, and dollop of marshmallow. Chocolate and some dry dark malts make up the bulk of the flavor. Mellow sweetness appears just before the mild astringency of the dark malts wraps it all up. Moderately light body with a dryish mouthfeel makes this one hard to put down. If you're looking for chocolate this isn't the one, but I enjoyed this dark lager."
"The beer pours a rich mahogony with a tan head. It has the aroma of dark malts. The taste is really dark sweet malt with a hint of dark fruit in the middle then an almost stout like finish. It has a medium to heavy body and a dry finish. This was a pretty nice beer it was sitting between a dark lager and a stout in taste and feel."
"Does a chocolate amber even make sense for a style? I guess a Munich Dunkel would explain a few things but I was just disappointed in such after seeing such an appealing name. No redeeming qualities in really any category. Really wished this was like a Young's Double Chocolate Stout but doeasn't even come close. The chocolate just isn't there . . . smell, taste. Not terrible but not good either."
"Found in the 12 Beers of Winter Variety pack, I wasn't sure what to expect with this. I've certainly never tried a ""chocolate amber"" before, so thumbs up for originality. It starts off impressively enough; essentially black with a good sized creamy tan head. Light barely penetrates on the very sides when held up to the light. It smells very strongly of malt with a sweetness mixed with a roastiness. The taste begins rather sweet, but a roastiness quickly joins it. The roasted element imparts a bit of a bittersweet chocolate element, the first appearance of its namesake. The taste isn't bad, it's just a bit bland and boring. The mouthfeel is lacking; it starts with a huge burst of carbonation and finishes very thin and watery. The drinkability is fine because it's so light. This beer was an interesting experiment, but it's not something I think I would go back to on a regular basis if available."
"Drinkability: Very nice. Tasted like a smokey sweet porter to me. Chocolate Amber Lager seems a little goofy to me. A nice beer to scratch the roasty porter itch. Recommended."
"And all-around good beer."
"Surprisingly there is really not much chocolate flavor to speak of. I tasted roasted malts, very faint hops, and some coffee."
"Dark amber color. Decent lacing, tan head. Smells of light caramel & assorted pale malts. The chocolate flavors really don't come through, but there is a light chocolate character mixed in with the buttery toffee flavors. It's actually pretty rich when compared to the rest of the Saranac brews. That being said, that's really not much to brag about...but still a decent offering."
"Very impressive color-a deep mahogany hue. Low carbonation level. Not a lot of aroma-some roasted malt with a faint metallic smell to it. Good malty flavor. Somewhat toasted and nutty highlights. Body is ok-could use a kick in the pants to perk it up a bit. Not a bad beer-better then some recent offerings from Saranac I have had."
"Deep dark color, hints of ruby within. Slight tan head, nice lace. Aroma is sweet and a bit malt, hints of roasted malts and coffee, slight note of chocolate. Taste is sweet upfront with a bitter end. Mild roasted malt and light on the chocolate side. Smooth in the mouth and easy to drink. Average"
"Drinkability is OK. If found on draft at some out of the way hunters bar, I could probably enjoy a nice session with it. Sitting here at home, with so many other great choices in the fridge, I'm glad only one came in the variety pack."
"Pours a dark brown with a thin head and just OK lace. Aroma is of roasted malts, with of course choclate notes, very subtle though for this type of beer. Taste is more of a black and tan. A chocolate presence is there but not to the level of which I was expecting. A clean and crisp beer that is tasty but not what I would consider a ""chocolate"" lager. Just not enough chocolate flavor - thats all."
"This pours a dark brown with a smallish head. The smell is of cooked veggies and chocolate with a little malt.The taste is a roasty chocolate with malt.It's not bad,I can't compare this with any other beers because I've never tried this type.The m/f is a little light and watery,but its not horrible.This isn't a bad offering from Saranac."
"Poured from a 12 ounce brown bottle from Saranac's 12 Beers of Winter (or Christmas). It's appearance is good. Nice dark, almost opaque, hue from all of the roasted malts with very little light penetrating through except for around the edges of the glass. Head retention was okay with lacing throughout the sitting. It's smell and taste, however, are rather average. Sweet smells of molasses are counterbalanced by a bitter aftertaste of what I think is baker's chocolate and burnt coffee, kind of chalky. Slightly heavy in its complexity so I would not expect to drink too many of these in one sitting. Also, the balance between bitterness and sweetness is leaning more towards the bitter side of the spectrum. Nonetheless, it is worth a try."
"The best part of this brew was the nice dark body and the thick foamy head. The head did die out though, which then switch to a thin lace. The smell had a very roasty maltiness to it, with a bittersweet chocolate armoa interlaced, as well as a hint of hops. The taste was not as good as the smell, as it had a very bitter chocolate taste to it, somewhat like baker's chocolate. I'm sure everyone's got a story about when they were a kid and ""snuck"" what they thought was regular chocolate, but turned out to be baker's chocolate. That is what this was kind of like. It wasn't totally unbearable, but it was nothing to get excited about either. This beer was a little bit too filling for me to have another, so I'll have to sit that out. Overall, it's ok and left me a little disappointed."
"Brew was poured to a dark brown color with a fair sized head that seems to have pretty good retention as it leaves lace rings down the side of the glass. The aroma seems to be of chocolate with what seems to be a smoked malt scent. Not an overly aromatic brew but what was there was ok. The flavors are very malty, it dominates with flavors of coffee, chocolate and a slight metallic taste. Over all it is a nice brew, don’t feel it is as good as some of the other Saranac offerings. Nothing spectacular but not to bad, would have it again if I get another holiday 12 pack but would not search it out."
"Wouldn't really seek this out if I was at the brewery, but its a nice change of pace and goes well with my dinner."
"Mouthfeel is smooth and creamy. Not very drinkable. Pleasant, but nothing special."
"My first impression of the aroma was warm alcohol right from the first. There is some sweet caramel and some roasty malts in the smell too. The taste, first off, is not chocolatey at all. There is a warm alchohol taste followed by some week malty flavors. The taste becomes more abundant as it warms, but, does not amount to much."
"purchased as part of sampler pack.poured a deep copper color with off-white puffy head. Smell is of toaasted malt with some chocolate present. Taste is toasted malts, with caramel and chocolate. Mouthfeel is smooth and creamy. Pretty good beer, but not great."
"Beer is good. Happy beering."
"Pours chocolate brown in color, but is thin looking around the edges. Fairly thick head that went away quick. Lots of stringy lace. Aroma is straight forward chocolate. Taste is not very complicated at all. Again, it is just simply chocolate. Maybe a small bit of coffee, but not much else. Mouthfeel is just slightly acidic with a medium body."
"Poured into a pint glass an opaque dark brown-black with a 2"" tan head. Lots of suds are left on the surface, lacing and a very hearty ring is also on the glass. The big malty nose is an attention getter. It's a tad hoppy, but it's mostly the malt aroma that hits you. Medium bodied, full flavor and just the right touch of sweetness to it all. There is a chocolatey malt flavor, but it isn't an overly sweet chocolate flavor.. nicely done."
"To be honest, this one is a little disappointing. Ours a nice brown color that is ruby when held to the light. Head is moderate to light. Taste is unusual, roasty and chocolaty, quite unlike most amber I've had. But I just don't feel the chocolate flavor contributes to this beer. Perhaps a floral or fruity aftertaste. The aftertaste is slightly bitter and dry. Mouthfeel is more light than heavy. This is ok, but I would probably look elsewhere if I wanted an amber."
"Drinkability/comments: This was certainly better than I expected. While it lacks the sheer drinkability of a schwarzbier, it's a good beer which I'll have to make a session out of in the future."
"Not terrible, I would drink this again eventually."
"Dark chocolate brown pour which still allows a fair amount of my florescent bulbs’ glow to pass through. Slight off white head casually floating on top. Malty nose with a touch of hops in the background, no chocolate to speak of. A very weak smell overall. With the taste, again no chocolate, but I do find a bit of lightly toasted malts. The same kind of flavor that I typically associate with a porter without a lot of black patent in it. Finish is a much like a typical lager. Besides that I don’t pick up much else. Mouthfeel is thin and the flavor disappears quickly. Drinkability is decent, but only because there isn’t much flavor to turn you off with."
"Pours a dark reddish brown color with a very small flourish of a tan-colored head. Aroma of dark roasted malt tempered by just a whiff of hops. Palate is more roasted malt balanced by light hops, a touch of chocolate, and notes of brown sugar and caramel. Medium, slightly creamy body is decent for a lager. Aftertaste of sweet malt lingers for a while. Not a beer I'd like to drink a lot of, but it's certainly decent on occasion."
"Chestnut with hints of plum - very creamy, sticky, retentive oatmeal head. Aroma is thin biscuit with hints of metal, coffee, and toffee. Rather simple flavor. Malt is one-dimensional caramel and only subtly so. Not as chocolatey as expected. Nondescript hop flavor is quite prominent. Thin but very smooth; reminiscent of nitro. An average beer, I would consider having it again."
"Poured fron a 12 ounce bottle pulled out of this year's Classic Beer Style sampler. Color is dark clear cola, head bubbly and foamy, disappearing fairly quickly. Nose is subdued, some faint malts, and something else I can't discern. Tastes of sweet and toasted malt, with some subtle dark chocolate in the finish. The dark chocolate finish hangs on the tongue like a dusting of dark cocoa. A bit of hops offsets the maltiness that is there. Mouthfeel is light to moderate, with light carbonation. This is a pleasant dark lager, drinks easily."
"This beer basically looks more like root beer than it does real beer, with a crystal clear body and little head and lace. The smell is fairly weak, mostly of wet malts, yeast, and a little bit of burn molassas. The taste is not too bad, although the aftertaste is a bit sharp and, well, I cant really put my finger on what the taste is. The body of the taste is basically a slightly upscale lager with some sweet tastes of roast coffee (very slight) and a bit of chocolate, but not really that much. Its all underpinned by the regular old taste of a lager. Its drinkable sure, just not much of a drinking experience."
"Overall I found this beer slightly puzzling between the aroma, subdued flavor and seemingly light body. It had potential that it doesn't fully reach. I think my qualms with this are amplified because I drank it in a critical context, and so if I were just sipping on these at a party I'd probably find little to gripe about."
"Would this have been better as an ale? Most likely. A left-field offering that needs to be discontinued."
"It poured a nice dark, dark brown with a touch of red in it. Had decent head that fell to a thin film and left a bit of lacing. The smell was of bittersweet chocolate and roasted malts. The taste was of roasted malts at the beginning, then fading into a dark chocolate taste, then finishing with a coffee aftertaste, but it was all very weak. The mouthfeel was a bit thin, but rather smooth. I cant say that I really enjoyed this one. I'm sure I will not be getting any more of these."
"Overall an aveage to below average beer."
"The Seventh Beer of Christmas."
"Beer pours an average dark brown with a light brown head. Head retention is minimal. Smells surprisingly hopy for the taste, mostly aroma hops. Bitter chocolate and roasted barley taste initially, which eventually gives way to a bit of malty sweetness. Mouthfeel is smooth, but somewhat watery. A decently tasty wintertime lager which is conceptually more impressive than its realty."
"Reddish, woody body with a full cream-colored head. Nearly a picture of perfection. But it slides a bit downhill from there. A fairly ubiquitous, non-descript lager/brown ale type aroma. Some caramel malts, some husky breadiness. Not much else. More caramel apple than chocolate in the flavor, which does present some more distinct characteristics than the nose. Just the tiniest bit of fruitiness with a caramel twist and hints of cocoa. I can imagine some folks finding this a bit annoying, but I find it quite inoffensive. Not interesting, not unique, not great. But pretty drinkable on a cold football Sunday."
"Another bland beer from Saranac in terms of flavor. This lager just doesn't do anything for me. I won't be going back to this one in the future."
"The beer pours a translucent dark brown color with a thick frothy tan head that slowly fades to lacing. The aroma is good. It has a nice malty scent that is slightly chocolatey and has a roasted barley aroma. The taste is good as well. It has a smooth, malty flavor that goes down easy and finishes chocolatey and slightly dry. The mouthfeel is decent. It is a medium/full bodied beer with good carbonation. This is a good brew. I've had better, but it drinks well; another quality beer from Saranac."
"Mouthfeel was quite full and a bit chewy. As for the drinkability, though, I couldn't give it any higher because I am not sure I like having the aftertaste linger as long as this one does."
"Overall- very little flavor. What little chocolate flavor isn't that bad though. I would need to chug a few of these to taste anything. Not a horrible beer but why would anyone bother with this?!"
"Pours a big frothy tan head that slowly dissipates into a creamy tan layer on top of the maroon colored beer. You can definitely smell the alcohol, coffee, and chocolate tones of this beer. Tastes like their dunkel should have. Good amounts of roasted malt and coffee in the flavor. Good for a snowy day in Southern Minnesota. The best of the Saranac sampler so far."
"This was surprisingly better than I was expecting. This is a drinkable brew, and it probably would be good on a cold night. Quite a quaffable beer."
"Pours a red brown color with an off-white head, not spectacular, but inviting none the less. Smells nicely of malts, hits of chocolate and a roasted characteristic. Tastes...well hmmm, where's the chocolate? Malty flavor and smoothness of a lager, but not much here in the way of complexity. Disappointing but drinkable."
"Pours a brownish amber color with light to medium head,the aroma is a little nutty and malty sweet.I like the mildness to this beer had some burnt notes as well as some caramel notes.It is pretty watery on the mouthfeel dept though.A decent beer but a little thin but the flavor was nice."
"Still, an interesting approach for a lager, not a bad beer at all."
"I'm with those that rate this a little higher. The aroma is too light, but other aspects of this beer are quite good. I really enjoy the complexity, yet it's ability to remain an easy drinking lager. The flavor has qualities of dark roast, including a slightly burnt quality and aspects of fruitiness. It strikes it's peak at a temperature between lager cold and ale warm. Really quite nice. Feel is a little light, but within reason for a lager. Really nice looking beer, holding a steady head and showing some lacing. I wouldn't consider it a winter beer, as advertised, but it could make a decent session beer."
"Saranac Holiday Pack: 2002"
"I seem to be in the minority in that really, really enjoyed this beer. It's not at all an amber, more of a very dark brown. There are a lot of tastes going on in here. The chocolate is mild but intreging. I'd happy buy a case of this or drink way too much of this if it was on draft somewhere. This would make a wonderful session beer. Maybe not a session beer I'd want every time, but definitely one to be on the list. This is a wonderful little beer."
"Pours a clear, reddish-mahogany body; topped by a full and frothy ivory head that holds quite well and leaves some very nice lace; always maintaining a thin, creamy surface covering. The aroma is limited to some mild, fairly non-descript malt. The body is medium and it's fine and moderate carbonation leaves it lightly crisp and smooth on the tongue. It's not at all creamy, however, and I kind of wish there was something going on to give the beer some more character. The flavor delivers exactly what might be expected from the name with some caramel maltiness that's enhanced by a soft roastiness. There's a mild chocolatey note and some berry-like fruitiness that add to it's character. It's well-balanced with the hop bitterness supporting the darkish malt. It's roastiness add to the dryness of its short-lived finish with some residual caramel notes as well. Fairly interesting and well done, but nothing spectacular."
"Reddish-brown body, topped by a huge milk-shake beige head. No lacing. Aroma has chocolate, roasted malts, and a some smoke, but is very subdued. Taste is similar, roasted malts, chocolate, and a little caramel. Nothing in copious quanitites however. Mouthfeel and drinkability are fine. Another acceptable but unexceptional beer from Saranac."
"Overall--nothing I would look for again in a beer...."
"None of the Matt Brewing beers have really stood out. They all are just good."
"Ruby-brown color with a tan head. Leaves a slight lacing. The aroma is roasty, with hints of chocolate. It has light roast malt flavors, it is somewhat bready, with chocolate notes. It is light-medium in body, and smooth. Overall, it is easy drinking and smooth."
"Nothing exceptional here, but still another quality brew from Saranac that you can turn to when the money is runnin' a little low. Dark brown appearance with a definitive chocolate malt aroma. The mouthfeel was surprisingly richer than I had expected, however the flavor seemed a little bit off balance - but basically light caramel and chocolate flavors with a bitterness on the finish. Again, this is a quality brew that can be enjoyed on any budget."
"Overall a good beer. Not as much chocolate flavor as I was expecting, but more roast malt and coffee tones. I will drink this again if I find it."
"Pours a dark brown hue with a fluffy white head, I was expecting a michelob amber bock sort of dark lager with no flavor. I was wrong, it has alot of flavor, sweet to start with and a chocolate kind of taste finishes with some hop bitterness. Not a bad beer after a few slugs of it. I am at the halfway point of the 12 beer sampler having just finished #6, I would still recommend the purchase, for 9.99 it's a good deal. In college it would have been fun to drink the whole thing in one night."
"A thin head tops this ruddy-brown beer. Burnt-malt in the aroma. Foretaste is a little sweet, and the finish drys out a little. Bitterness seems to come from the grains....bitter chocolate flavors. Not any serious flaws that I could taste, but the certainly beer isn't great....it lacks deepness and resonance."
"A solid dark lager. Another good beer from Saranac. As others have said, not phenomenal, but for the price--very solid. I recently visted the brewery and the folks there were great. The glassware selection is also very good."
"Slight roast aroma. Deep dark mahogany color with a decent 1/2 inch tan head. Roast malt flavor which is upfront followed by a metalic dry finish. Medium/light mouth. The overwhelming metalic (tin) finish was not my thing."
"This dark reddish-brown beer pours with a thick, rocky tan head that slowly fades. The aroma is primarily malt and very clean hops. There is a slight hint of earthiness and caramel in the nose as well. The atse is very malty, again balanced by the hops, with a hint of caramel sneaking in on the finish. The aftertaste has a somewhat metallic quality to it that I did not notice until after a few sips. The mouthfeel is rather smooth, with the carbonation being subdued on the tongue. This is another good beer for the price from Saranac. Nothing exceptional, but nothing offensive either. just a solid quality beer at an affordable price."
"This is not a great beer you can barely taste the chocolate hidden in this decent amber beer!"
"it feels good, a mild carbonation and semi-rich body give it good consistency. the malts are good, but the chocolate is not there for the most part. i did find it in the end of a long burp. oh well, in the end a good beer, but not what i had expected."
"Dark brown appearance, respectable layer of tan foam. The emphasis is obviously on the chocoalte malt here both in aroma and flavor. But it's not necessarily a one dimensional beer. Roasted malt bitterness offests the semi-sweet chocolate nicely. Just enough complexity in flavor to keep things interesting, but not so much to be distracting. I think Saranac deserves a lot of credit for crafting such a diverse lineup of beers and for continuing to be adventurous."
"Well I was quite let down by this one. Probably because I have a major sweet tooth and the word ""chocolate"" didnt exactly come through for me. Maybe some chocolate malt thrown in there, but little else in the way of chocolate. No aroma at all really...it smells like beer. Nothing distinct, and that goes for the taste too. Strange aftertaste too that I am not really enjoying. Not terrible, but not good either. Someone get me a Black Forest."
"Starts out with bitter chocolate and some roast coffee flavors over a background of toffee and caramel. Not dry, not sweet. The bitterness seems to be more due to roasted malt than hops, which don't seem to be present to any large degree. They may have monkeyed with the recipe - I don't recall this one having this much chocolate/roastiness in previous years. Taste reminds me of a cross between Steggie and Yuengling Porters."
"Appearance is a clear deep ruby color.  Creamy ivory white head is small and then gone.  Lacing is adequate.  This beer is barely average.  A little bit of bitterness.  A little bit of roastedness.  No chocolate malt or plain chocolate appears on my palate.  It's a pretty bland beer.  Body is closer to light than to medium.  This one doesn't do jackshit for me.  Marketing ploy in my opinion.  Chocolate Amber Lager?"
"Dark brown appearance, nice 1/2 inch head.  Some sense of chocolate-covered strawberries to the nose.  Creamy body and a full approach to a roasty chocolate flavor with nice hop balance late in the mouth.  I compare this favorably to Leinenkugel's Creamy Dark Lager, which is more grainy and strident up front.  The Saranac has superior mouthfeel -- not a brew to kill for but a nice drinkable micro."
"At first I thought this was a renamed version of the Black Forest black beer, but checked the brewery's website to confirm this is a different brew.  Very nice chocolate malt aroma.  The chocolate is carried in the first sips, but then the malts take on a more roasted nature, with hints of smoke, like an Irish stout, creeping in.  Well moderated between sweet and dry, a nice take on the style."
"This pours with a nice looking tan head, over deep red liquid. Deep roasted grainy malt in the nose. Taste is indeed chocolatey, with background notes of roasted grains and a residual sweetness. Finishes long, smooth and malty."
"  These Saranac beers try so hard to be more than they are on thier own.  It's admirable really, but close only counts in horse shoes and hand grenades."
