review_text
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"This beer poured out as a lightly hazy looking yellow color with a white head on top. The head settles and just leaves a little bit of white film over top of the beer. The smell of the brew is grainy and a little grassy. The taste of the beer was earthy amd a little on the sweet side. The finish was crisp and bitter. The mouthfeel was drinkable, it was light to medium bodied. Overall this beer was pretty good, I would probably have it again."
""
"This marks my first Munich Helles Lager, and I'm fine with saying that this seems like nothing out of the ordinary. Nothing really stood out to me that left me wanting to seek more interpretations of this style. With that being said, it still is one up on any macro available to me and a great summer quaffer. I'll stick to their Hefe's though ;)"
"I thought this brew to be not overly impressive, but there was absolutely nothing offensive about it. It would stand as a nice thirst quencher on a hot summer day."
"On tap. Pours clear yellow with a smallish white head that disappears quickly and leaves very little lacing. Very faint smell that hints at grain; not much going on here. Similarly unimpressive taste; light grain, and that's about it. Barely noticeable hop notes. Feel is light and fizzy. Unoffensive--I guess 'clean' is a nice way to put it. Bland and characterless, and kind of disappointing. Maybe this was an older keg?"
"Overall its not a bad example of the Munich helles style, but I don't think its a particularly great one either. Its the sort of beer I could see as easy to drink lots of on a night out with friends because its straightforward and fairly quaffable. However for sitting at home and considering its virtues, its a poor choice considering the cast range of craft beer out there. A lawnmower beer down to the smell and taste of grass clippings."
"D- Goes down really well; it's got a nice balance; crisp clean finish. Makes it very drinkable."
"Tastes of sweet light malt balanced by a mild peppery hop. The peppery hop sits on the pallette for awhile after swallowing. Plain but very refreshing and very drinkable. Carbonation is spot on. If I had a giant stein I would fill it with this."
"Pours golden yellow, very clear with nice one finger white head. Smell - honey hits the nose first, then sweet grassy malts come into play. Taste - very clean, a bit too sweet, but still refreshing with bitter finish. Crisp, very light. Very drinkable. Good beer that I'd drink on a regular basis."
"Drinkability: I'd definately have this again. Its got some nice qualities I look for in a wheaty beer.It can be a session beer for sure and its going to be visiting my fridge more often"
"D: A modestly light palate with an ok lemon herbal hopping and drinks well for its style. Clean on the flavor and finish."
"Yeah it could be used a German session beer for somebody, but not me. For me, one is more than enough for me. It was nothing more than a close to be being average German Lager. I'm sure it would taste much better on-tap at Oktoberfest in Munich."
"The beer pours a pale gold color with a thick frothy white head that slowly fades to lacing. The aroma is good. It has a light pale and Munich malt scent. It's sweet with some breadlike aroma. There is some fruitiness as well as a light German hop presence. The taste is good. This is a fantastic Helles. It's smooth with an excellent malt flavor. It goes down easy with a nice Munich malt sweetness and finishes clean with a dry German hop bitterness. The mouthfeel is great. It is a medium bodied beer with adequate carbonation. This is a very good lager. It's pale, yet flavorful. It has just the right amount of balance to it."
"D: This beer is quite easy to drink, it's light bodied and crisp with some decent flavour as well. There are far better lagers out there but I still find this one to be a refreshing beer to throw back. Indeed, it would make a good Oktoberfest beer"
"My experience with the style and the region is limited, but if I could find a bunch of German beers at my local shop I would gladly sample them all first. A good intro to German beers if your shop is lacking in selection, it exemplifies the pride Hacker Pschorr takes in their brewing even when it's a less complex recipe."
"D - nice light session beer, this would be a fantastic 'gateway' beer if it weren't for the price associated, very enjoyable"
"Light gold in color with a moderate white head. Doesn't appear to be anything special. But the smell smells like a good rich German lager. Malty and semi sweet. No skunky smell like you can detect in some of those green bottle light-polluted beers like Beck's or St. Pauli girl. This one has a brown bottle. It tastes the same way it smells. Perfect carbonation. This is a good quality example of what a German lager should be."
"Prior to briefly scanning the reviews of the three that I've had so far, I had forgotten just how good Hacker-Pschorr beer is. Edelhell is the first one that hasn't impressed me on some level. Oh well, I don't see it around much anyway."
"This beer is nothing special, and that's too bad. Compared to their Hefe, this is extremely disappointing."
"Light bodied, tastes bready with some nice use of European hops..Slightly grassy..some light use of spices as well. Carbonation is pretty well done..carries the subtle flavors well and finishes very crisp. A light, drinkable German lager."
"D - While some of the off-characteristics are a little distracting, this is still a good drinker and thirst quencher; subtle and refreshing without hitting you on the head to get your attention."
"Overall, this is a clean, inoffensive thirst-quencher. Bland and pedestrian, but easily drinkable and suffices as a ""no-brainer"" session brew."
"Admittedly, I wasn't sold on the first bottle of this that I tried. But it grew on me and now I find it rather refreshing. Still, I think I prefer the Vienna style of lagers to this Munich helles style."
"The beer pours a lightish yellow, or what some call straw color. The head dissipates pretty quickly, but there is some residuals on the side of the glass and minimal lacing. The smell is the low mark and it reminded me too much that I was in for a really crappy American macro. The taste, thankfully, is better than the smell. It is a light, fairly carbonated, lager, with some breadiness, some wheatiness, and spriteliness. There is a little bite at the end that tastes like some yeast popping through. Not much hop to this beer. Very refreshing, drinkable, light, with a smooth mouthfeel. You can't go wrong, but it isn't a brilliant beer by any stretch. L'Chaim."
"Pours a clear straw color with a nice fluffy white head that dissipated into a small cap, leaving not much lacing. The smell is rather faint, some light grain and hop. The taste is light, light hop, light grain, light malt, doesn't have a pronounced helles taste. The feel is light and well carbonated, very slightly bitter in aftertaste. An average helles but still a fine beer and very drinkable, great for wanting to down a few."
"Overall a tasty lager. However, the astringency detracts from the drinkablilty,"
"Pours light golden,with a thin white head. Not much retention,but decent lacing. Lots of bubbles.Smell is of malt, and bread. Body is light and carbionated. Taste is crisp,with bready malts up front,and a spicy bit of hops in the finish. Not bad at all."
"Gulps without any reservation"
"Drinkability: This is kind of a boring beer, but not at all hard to drink. Tasty, just lacking in character."
"I love a good hellas...and this is a good one. Light in color for the style. Sweet start with a bitter/citrus aftertaste. Pours a light golden straw hue with a quickly dissipating 1"" head...bubbly...accurate for the style... pleasant overall. Everytime I try a good hellas I wonder why so few good one's are avail from US breweries... THe closest thing to this made near me is Velas Hellas in Gatlinburg....which is about equally as good but a little more color. Edelhell is crisp and refreshing and fairly well done. Far too many reviewers take subtle as bad....this is subtle but good! Aroma lemon with a little alcohol nose as well...very drinkable!"
"Presentation: Packaged in a twelve fluid ounce brown glass Euro-style long neck bottle, served in a standard pint tap glass."
"Mouthfeel has a nice carbonation and is light. This is an above average beer. I can see myself dinking this one again."
"M&D - light bodied, a bit too sweet for me but a decent beer, especially for the style"
"Pours a nice golden yellow color with a decent head. Smell is sweet & somewhat buttery. Taste is slightly hoppy with a bit of buttery aftertaste. Goes down the gullet very easy. A clean finish with little after taste. Could drink this all day..well maybe not seeing as it is 5.5%"
"A highly drinkable helles, with an excellent body as the beer is not watery at all. Highly recommended."
"Poured from a 12oz. bottle, into a pint glass. The beer poured a clear yellow, forming a 1/2 inch head, that quickly faded, leaving little lacing on the glass. The aroma is slightly fruity, but mostly a grainy smell. Mouthfeel is light. Taste is a bit fruity, but very clean. Basically, this taste like a light lager. Not much else there. An easy to drink lager, but nothing extraordinary."
"An OK beer, nothing special. Probably not something I would visit again."
"Pours dull gold, with good clarity. Two finger head, semi-dense white and foamy with good retention and spotty lacing. Pilsener malt and noble hops in the nose with a hint of munich malt. Solid pale malt sweetness upfront, with a subtle touch of busicuity malt flavor. The mild saaz and hallertau flavor in the aftertaste shows an impressive balance, and leaves the tounge pleasently dry. A gently crisp mouthfeel with medium carbonation and light-medium body. Finishes clean and refreshing. Not terribly complex, but it has a very agreeable malt/hop character; a tasty thirst quencher for sure."
"A very average German Helles, or rather I think what I mean to say is German Helles is a very average style - this is a strong example though. Poured a light yellow, big head - left good lacing. Simple flavour, nothing all that paletable but easy to drink. Texture is alittle thick. Not exactly a favourable aroma, but again, nothing offensive. Its got a little more definition than most pale Euro lagers which I think places it a little above. This beer is what it is - simple and agreeable."
"D: Soooo drinkable, I drank it during the whole game and then later during the Mexico/Argentina game."
"Overall a pretty good example of the style- I would love to try this fresh, or *gasp* on tap..."
"Drinkability: Overall good drinkability."
"D- This beer has nice fresh tasting ingredients that has a good complexity for such a light beer. This is a really well crafted beer and is proof that a light beer can have good flavor."
"I could drink this for session if it was the beer of offering-- and I have, at our keg party as well as at Hagerstown's Schnamkerlstube Bavarian Restaurant which is where I just had this, and upon which I am basing the review."
"This is a crowd beer that I'm not very fond of. Too much of a corn taste that lingers along the tongue and makes me want to get a different brew asap."
"Overall: Refreshing stuff, perfect balance with a lovely crisp finish, good stuff on a hot sunny day. If only they could get rid of that feint “corny odor” in the nose!!!"
"There's nothing complex about this Helles, but the style is not one that lends itself to complexity. It's refreshing and quite drinkable, with no flaws. Among the imports to America, this beats Spaten's and Paulaner's offerings."
"Mine got admittedly a bit warm, and I think you should stay cold with this one.I t goes down so easy it won't have a chance to get warm. Bangers on the grill; some red cabbage, perhaps some german potato salad mit onion for this one."
"Overall the taste isn't overwhelmed with flavor, but still very thirst quenching. Clean and refreshing but doesn't sacrifice other taste qualities."
"Clear pale gold. Thin dirty white head. Nice looking streams of CO2 surface at a moderate rate. Aroma is a little bready. A little grainy. Even a little biscuity. Pretty cool. Light, but nice. First impression is sweet and grainy. But there's also some light crackery like pilsner maltiness too. And there's a bit of a dry snap on the finish. A hoppy snap. Subtle, but definitely there. I think we're talking about some noble hops here. Nice drinker. Medium bodied. Refreshing."
"Hacker-Pschorr Munich Edel Hell is one of my favorite beers and is a prime example of a Münchner Helles. Clean, malty and just enough hop character to balance the malt and make it refreshing. This beer is definitely sessionable; one can see why so many Mass Krüge of Helles are consumed in beer gardens across Germany. If you are interested in this style and have not yet tried this beer I highly recommend it."
"If someone wants to know what a Munich light lager tastes like simply tell them it tastes like Hacker-Pschorr Edelhell..what all r light real lager should taste like...in all it’s smooth, subtle drinkable, malt-accented glory!"
"Very drinkable but I may chose something a little more bold. MK"
"Pours a crystal clear yellow color, nice head, good lacing down the glass. Problem is, it was skunky and the taste, although slightly crisp and sweet, was a bit of the same. It's not a bad brew, but there are many other germans out there that are much better."
"Notes: Really an easy drinking brew that is interesting, yet light. A rare combination for a lager. Wished I could get this on tap somewhere, preferably in Germany. Oh well, for now the bottle is worth every penny."
"D: Not too fond of it. There are better lagers out there -- this one ranks just about average. Wouldn't mind trying it on-tap sometime, but for now I'll stick to the hefeweizen."
"A quality brew and a nice example of the style, though not as clean and malty as some."
"An amazing beer."
"On tap at beerbistro. Pours a clear golden/straw yellow, big fluffy white head, some spots of lace and good retention. Smell is sweet and malty, some caramel and honey, light citrus and floral in the finish. Taste is sweet and malty as well, honey, citrus and a little wheat. Mouthfeel is medium to light bodied, with medium carbonation. Very smooth, pretty standard although good."
"This beer can be described as an average beer. I have had better than this in this style but I have also had worse. I would drink it again. Thx."
"Tastes good, clean and refreshing with little aftertaste but it's a little lacking in body, pretty watery. Carbonation is not overabundant which makes it kind on the palate, and goes down quite easily. Not a bad beer overall, would likely go well with a side of sauerkraut and sausages."
"Overall Impression: Simple, clean, straightforward beer. Nothing too complex or complicated."
"This style is fast becoming one of my favorites and this is a prime example for sure. very nice, so nice to know that you won't be getting that adjunct taste with a German beer. Miles ahead of any american macro. tasty stuff!"
"A bit of a too-strong carbonation for my taste, but very drinkable - better than average I'd say."
"Something is off from the get go. The color is paler and considerably more muddled then I would like to see. The aroma is overly malted with a sort of rotten hay malt. Its sweet and sweaty, something that carries over from the nose and into the taste. A considerable amount of spicy hops are also in there somewhere and do well for the Mouthfeel in the finish but they don’t help the taste enough to make this one pleasurable to drink. Decent but not clean or crisp enough for me. To sweet and wet to be very drinkable."
"D: I could easily have another couple of these. It isn't amazing, but it would be good for a session."
"Bland taste, a mix of yeasty bread, grassy hops and corn. Not terribly bad, but not overly exciting. This has potential, but unfortunately fails to live up to my expectations. This could have been great, but to me, comes off as nothing more than a bland lager"
"This isn't a bad beer, but I don't think its place is on a quiet evening in. Better to have this beer while chatting with a group of friends. With my full attention on it, I am a little bored."
"D: Nothing offensive, but nothing to really appeal to the beer geek."
"This is a nice lager, though it could use some more flavor. Still its way better than Becks or Grolsch."
"Pours out a vibrant clear medium gold, a tall white head that recedes after a short while, leaving small patches of lacing here and there. The nose, while not overly complex, is what it should be, mild grains, some biscuity malt and rounded off with floral, meadowy hops, nothing seems out of place. The flavour itself starts out with crisp dry grains, a bit of biscuit in the middle that joins up with some grassy hops that lead it to finish of sweet cut grass and a lingering moist grainy aftertaste, crisp, but only becoming dry well along the aftertaste. The mouthfeel for the most part is also crisp and dry, and very thirst-quenching. This would make a wonderful patio beer on hot summer days, a good way to class-up some barbecuing as well. A style and an effort that could very easily slip under the radar as it is not very robust or boisterous in its flavours, but everything is done well and is in the right place. A fine lager that I'll being buying more of while the weather still lasts."
"500ml bottle with a picture of a traditional barmaid on the label. It felt right to pour it into a hefe glass, and it formed a perfect size of fluffy styrofoam-white head. A mixture of bubbles, and sometimes it appeared quite creamy, other times a little fizzy. The beer is very clear and straw-coloured: very very lightly colouring here--in some light it looks almost green. Lacing is large-bubbled but sticky, and the foam finally settled on the beer's surface and stayed quite consistent and dense. A very good appearance, and a thirsty man's dream. Grassy bits of malt in the aroma, with good breadiness and some floral hoppiness to fit the style. I think I prefer the more subdued hoppiness of helles to pilsner. Some creamy caramel notes, a little vanilla, and German hops which give some herbal and slightly bitter metallic aromas. Biscuity and like cereal; grainy. There is definitely a little fruitiness in this aroma as well, which was kind of pleasantly surprising. Mango or pear, mostly, green apples too, reminding me of some hefes. I found many German pale lagers actually had ale-like fruitiness when I was over there, and this reminds me a bit of some. A piquant aroma that is extremely appetising. A delight in the mouth too: instead of the expected bitterness we might expect from a beer this colour, thinking it will be similar to pilsner-style, I get more of the fruitiness along with lightly roasted maltiness. The breadiness is all up front, like sweet bread, cinnamon buns, or a little brown sugar. The hops are always there, but they play second fiddle to the other tastes, and the finish of this beer is supremely balanced by apple, honeyish malt, and a little metallic tang dryness. In the middle I sense a little of the alcohol. The aftertaste is definitely bitter, but not in the pilsner way--this is more balanced. Other flavours include a little pineapple, some tomato-juice tang(a little), and some malty sourness. Not overly complex, but fitting and worthy of its style. The mouthfeel is lightly carbonated for the style, quite foamy and velvety on the mouth--no real sparkling or crisp carbonation, which is nice. Medium-bodied and endlessly quaffable. A helles I would buy again(when summer returns.)"
"One fantastic Munich style Helles lager. I have yet to run in to one I haven't liked from Germany and this one is no different. Yum. Its only downfall is its 5.5% ABV- it does catch up to ya after a few pretty quickly as it goes down way too damn easily. Mow em if ya got em and drink up."
"This beer poured a crystal clear golden color with a white head about an inch tall. The aroma is a little bit grassy with some malt and some hop aroma. The taste is sweet with light malt infused with some mild hop bitterness. Decent mouthfeel. High carbonation makes you pace yourself. Light/medium body. It's a good drinkable beer. It'd beer perfect for a night of playing cards."
"Aroma is a wonderful blend of creamy malt and spicy hops. The flavor and texture are superb- maltiness, hop flavors, bitterness, residuals, and alcohol are all in perfect balance to one another. You just can't ask for much more from a helles- it is easy to drink yet it has a definite personality and pulls no punches in terms of alcohol (5.5% AbV) or bitterness. Even after three or four in a row this beer loses nothing through repetition. It's one of my favorite session beers (when reasonably fresh)."
"This beer produced a two-finger creamy head on top of a highly carbonated clear brassy colored beer. Aromas of hops and grass were detected. Taste was sweet fruity malt which yielded to breadiness. A balanced mouthfeel. Not a bad beer, pretty good actually."
"Pours a pale, clear straw colour with a decent two finger head. That head does quickly disipate to a thin film, but still leaves behind a decent amount of lace. Simplistic smell. Herbs and grass, with a little bit of malt. Taste is primarily grassy hops. Reminds me of mowing the lawn. Tasty, but plain. Mouthfeel is clean, crisp, plain and dull. Drinkable as a refresher. But, overall, simply too plain."
"Thin and grainy up front, good malt down the middle, decent aromas of grassy hops and malt. Easy to drink, competent without being someting to get too worked up about. Good summer beer I'd say."
"Medium body with nice fizziness. Nice warming alcohol content, but not too much. This is a very enjoyable and refreshing brew, I wish I had another right now."
"I have beern on the quest lately to find the perfect summer beer and a lot of lagers seem to be on the liqour store shelves right now. This is one of the better lagers to pass my lips in quite awhile. Pale gold with a big head this beer combines drinkability with a solid midbody and finish. Good use of hops in a beer of this style. I will be consuming some more of these guys while the sun shines."
"Bottled. Pours clear gold with a small rocky white head that fades rapidly into a thin film. Spotty lacing that crawls slowly back into the brew. Aromas of grass, tart apples and sour malt. Wheat and yeast combine to great youcwith the first drink and then it finishes slightly hoppy and spicy. Buttery mouthfeel that is also fizzy, refreshing and light bodied."
"Light yellow gold with a mid-sized white head. Malty grain scents that are about what one would expect from the style; nothing new and exciting about it. Taste is crisp....light malt with just a small hop bite. Flavor is kind of thin, but it is clean and nice. I wouldn't mind a cooler of these on a hot day."
"alright beer, nothing i would buy if i could see something better sitting around though."
"Pours a bit on the thin side, with a flaxen appearance. The head is on the thin side, although the smell is quite nice and sweet. The flavor is a bit on the bitter side, with strong floral overtones. A decent, enjoyable beer which would be a great companion to a warm summer night."
"12oz. bottle: This one poured a slightly pale, golden color. It was crystal-clear. There was a large white head to it, but when I turned around, it was gone. The aroma is a bit thin, but pleasant. There are some floral notes and some sweetness to it. The taste is pleasant also. This is a nice Helles."
"Clear golden color with a large foamy head. Bubbles continue to rise for several minutes. Pleasant citrus aroma. Crisp malty flavor with spicy hops. Thin to medium mouthfeel. High level of carbonation. A tasty, crisp lager that’s easy drinking, yet avoids being boring. A good choice if you want a refreshing beer."
"D-hell yeah. these are consumable in large quantities"
"This is a very clean brew....nice balance of malt and hops. Grassy and sweet up front with just the slightest bitter hop finish. Honey-like sweetness at times. Good drinkability level. This could be a great session beer if you enjoy German Lagers."
"Almost like eating fat frosted liquid sugar cookies made with olive oil instead of butter and flecked with tiny bits of fresh oregano while sitting across the room from a gas fire below an iron plate of roasting hazelnuts. But different."
"Presentation: 12oz. brown bottle freshness dated 11/04. Poured like liquid gold into a 14oz. pilsner glass where it would rest only momentarily. Two finger off-white head. Smells like a loaf of fresh bread, maybe a light rye and grassy hops. The first taste displays the delicate toasted malt that lends a subtle, light honey-like sweetness, hops are brisk, peppery and spicy. Some lemon hop notes are underlying. This is incredibly fresh. The texture is creamy smooth and somehow shifts to crisp and thirst quenching. I was impressed with this brew. I appreciated its simplicity and its outstanding drinkability. I will buy this again."
"The departs the 355ml brown bottle and takes up residence in my glass a crystal clear gold color with a massive bright white head and lots of fine lace, which desiccates to sticky clumps upon the glass. Nose is malt, fresh, clean and crisp. Front is mostly malt and somewhat sweet, the top is reedy, the finish bitingly acidic, pleasantly hopped, with a dry somewhat bitter aftertaste. Quite quaffable, and one of the handful of “Lagers/Pils”, I can call “Delectable”"
"It poured a beautiful clear golden with a nice white head the dissipated quickly. The aroma is pretty straight forward malt/beer smell, no promises and no warnings. The taste is sharp and hoppy with a malty undertone. The malt does break out at times and give a range of sweet flavors in the finish. To me the taste is better with food as this beer is quite clarifying. The feel is pretty much a nice moderately dry and light beer. Definately a well made beer, but not one that would attract me to come back too often."
"Had 3 years later in a bottle and impressions were a bit better, where moderate bitterness comes through and creamy."
"Clear, pale golden colour. Bright white head that didn't last long and produced no lace. Light, spicy nose with just a hint of malt. Bitterness and malt sweetness are well balanced, resulting in a crisp, clean finish complemented by a light sourness. Fairly light body without being watery. Not bad, and definitely something I'd try again."
"German pilsners are so different than what Yanks are used to. There's no overwhelming hit of corn in the taste here. A slight burn from the bubbles, a mellow and lovely deliverance of that malt and hop promise in the nose, and then...nothing. Leaves the tastebuds clean (practically scoured). This would be a lovely way to cleanse the palate between cheese tastings, but dangerous as I could see myself unthinkingly downing 4 or 5 all in a rush. I would be less inclined to reach for the English ales and darker brews if more pilsners were this fine."
"Not as impressive as HB Original. Next up: Paulaner Munich Original Premium Lager."
"This is one of the best beers of the Münchner Helles style that I've had. Not in the least bit ""complex"" but a good quencher and the malt flavors there are very enjoyable. A nicely balanced brew altogether."
"Pours a pale golden color with a clumpy white head, producing considerable lace. The liquid is completely clear, with ever-present bubbles rising from the bottom of the glass. Perfumy, floral hop aroma: soft and flowery sweetness. Taste is a mix of soft, mildly sweet pilsner maltiness and a grainy, vegetable-like earthiness. Finish is clean and moderately hoppy. Light bodied, soft, and extremely drinkable. There’s nothing extraordinary or remarkable about this beer…it is, however, a solidly quaffable, refreshing brew."
"Very drinkable without being bland. Not the best but a very solid beer."
"12 oz bottle with very attractive label. Pours a clear, yellow/gold with a nice medium sized white head. Leaves patchy sheets of white lace down the pils glass. Sweet pale malt aroma with a big dose of bittering, grassy, herbal hops. Crisp, clean, and well carbonated in the mouth. Taste is mildly sweet from the light malts, but is well balanced by the bittering hops. The hops profile is a highlight here, wavering constantly between citrus and floral, but always staying clean and easy on the palate. Finishes with a dryness that is slightly bitter, but is fruity in a strange, nonsweet way. I could drink these all afternoon. A very refreshing Bavarian lager here that hits all the right notes for the style."
"Bright gold color, with a creamy white head. Smells of grass, fruit, but nothing very strong. Has a sharp, dry taste that leaves you with a very smooth hop finish. A good beer, probably even better in the warm months, not in 0 degree weather, in January, in Minnesota."
"Not a bad light lager at all; in fact, I'm genuinely enjoying this one. Definitely one that I would have again."
"Pours a a srwaw color with a pretty light but well retained head,aroma is slightly skunked I mak have an older bottle.Taste is light and mineral-like with a nice soft malt backbone very light bittering in the finish.A very light refreshing beer to drink on a nice summer day or when wanting to drink something on the lighter side."
"Pellucid auric hue. Steadfast, pitted porcelain white head leaves lace. Waft of herbal hops with a grassy twang contrasted by subtle hints of bready pilsner malt and sulfur in aroma. Tame, but not quite immaculate aromawise. Brusque, gentle snap of doughy malt initially in flavor yields to a transient carbonic acid bite. Softens mid palate, with a combination of underbaked cracker and herbaceous sweetness in the forefront. Well attenuated and prickly upfront, but mellows into a lanky, but passably dextrinous mouthfeel. Hints of vegetal, yeast derived DMS surface late, due to lack of noteable malt character. Finishes abrupt, with quickly fleeting simple notes of maltose and trace Vienna malt. Quite a refreshing brew, but certainly not outstanding. Innocuous and quaffable."
" A pretty good beer meant to be quaffed in large quantities."
"Appearance: Straw golden hue with a nice frothing bright white head lacing is thin but spread evenly. Aroma: Grainy, slightly bready with a lemongrass citrus nose to it and a nice European hop profile comes through nicely. Taste: Finishes very clean with there is a balance of hop bitterness and grainy sweetness but overall cleans the palate, a great bier to drink by the liter in my opinion. Helles does mean light but this bier has much more flavor than any American ""light/lite"" beer, Ein Prosit to that eh? Mouthfeel: Light to medium in body, but overall decent carbonation pretty thin though not as much texture as the Paulaner original Munich formula. Drinkability: Nice grass cutting brew, compelements many summer outdoor activities or if not in the mood for a big beer a nice change of pace in my opinion."
"A decent lager, clean and fresh but nothing spectacular."
"Med gold color. Large head. Aroma is malty with a touch of floral hoppyness. A medium bodied helles. Malts are mild, nutty and a touch sweet. Mild hops are slightly spicy. Well balanced. Light and refreshing. Malt taste us very full and smooth. Mouthfeel is full and round. Finish is dry. Aftertaste is slightly bitter."
"Ah well the pour was a very light golden color with a very minimal white head. The carbonation goes on forvever, little bubbles very active through the whole brew. Not a whole lot going on in the aroma department. A little bit of malt, but most notable was the fresh hay/grass smell, add some grain in there and that sums it up. The taste was fairly refreshing although not real flavorful. First impression is the little bit of malt that comes through followed by a very grainy taste. Almost a bit of corn in the finish that leaves a subpar aftertaste. Mouthfeel is pretty thin but this beer isn't terrible. Sort of refreshing."
"A high quality German lager....I love German beer.....even rgular ol lagers are tasty...this is a bright yellow..very clear and clean looking...whisp of a white head on top....nose is spicy hops...almost saaz like...also some grassy notes on the nose....very nice sweet, malty (for a lager) flavor....mouthfeel is about perfect for this style....finishes with the saaz like hops....a very enjoyable, tasty lager.....For a lager this is close to outstanding...."
"This beer brought me back. I remember when I had my first Beck's or St. Pauli Girl. This was it, in it's purest form. Golden, with a nice head. This beer did not pretend to be anything than what it was: a good beer, with good malts, good hops. It was refreshingly good. I was back in my youth, when a new beer tasted crisp and non-industrial. This was that beer."
"This German classic tastes like...beer. That's right, BEER! After a long cold winter and spring of drinking Imperial Stouts, Baltic Porters, Barley Wines, strong Trappists ales and such, it's a real joy to welcome in the sun and a simple, easy-going beer. No chocolate, coffee, berries, raisins, smoked wood, bananas, or fruit soaked in rum, nor overly flamed crème brulee. Just beer…Beer! A nice white head rests atop the shiny gold body. The lace clings for a while then slides into obscurity. A real beer aroma of malt, hops, yeast, and alcohol are easy to identify. The herbal malt body is more substantial than it appears and reveals a slightly grainy and lightly sweet taste. The citrusy hop bitterness matches the smooth malt to perfection. A light fume of alcohol and trace of yeast flavors round out this very drinkable beer. Bring on the summer!"
