review_text
""
""
"Overall: Carbonation problems seem to plague this brew but, putting that aside, it is a pretty nice beer"
"o - Overall a decent stout. I think it may have been on its way to infection, but I didn't sense anything in the nose or taste, just the carbonation. Would like to try it again sometime."
"Taste is roasty, sweet and fruity all at the same time. Interesting mix, but does not quite equal uber-deliciousness. Tasty though, to be sure. I like the rich molasses and fine-ground hop effort - both flavoring and bittering are nice. cocoa powder atop a dripping, roasting marshmallow. Nice brew, this one."
"O: Damn this one had some serious promise. I will have to look for another bottle someday."
"O - No shame in drain-pouring an infected/bad brew. This one isn't awfully offensive but it's certainly not worth drinking. I'd welcome a second chance at it."
"Overall drinkability is good. Strong roasted character, but not overdone or too aggressive. Good balance."
"Very nice looking beer-deep black with a healthy looking tan head. Rather average aroma. Grainy and roasted thats about all. Heavy roasted flavors with a leaning towards chocolate malt. Mild espresso. Ok mouthfeel-very drying in the finish. Drinkable enough but could use a bit of an umph to make it really stand out. Good enough beer for the price for sure."
"Drinkability: There is nothing wrong with this beer that a few tweaks couldn't improve. It wasn't meant to be anything huge, it seems. It is a pleasantly drinkable stout but I don't think it fits the FES style particularly closely. (You do have to give it some credit for holding onto it's huge carbonation throughout the bottle.)"
"Overall? Wildly roasted, toasted brew without a lot else going on. But I like roast. Bring it on! Good beer."
"3.0 D: Not a great beer, but not a bad one either...if the carbonation was fixed."
"This brew drank fine I was left wanting for more it was a good session brew and overall a good stout."
"Besides being plenty tasty, a reasonably low ABV keeps this one very drinkable."
"D-this is quite a nice stout to sip on. it is lighter and brings some good flavor. definitely a stout to drink on."
"D Interesting but just so thick. Satisfying but big! 3.5"
"Overall - I thought this was very nicely done. I would have no problem at all with going through this one again. It was very solid and I would love to give it another try. I really think they did an excellent job on this one."
"Overall, not a terrible stout by any means, but not one that I found overly remarkable."
"overall - A great American-made foreign-style stout. Roasty, complex, and oh so smooth. Definitely glad to have had a chance to have this one!"
"Drinkability: I expected this Buckeye to be pretty good Stout and let me just say that I wasn't disappointed. It had all the dark roasted flavors I was looking for, but I think the carbonation level was a bit too much for this beer. If you're looking to try a good roasted Buckeye beer, then get yourself a Mammoth Stout. Just remember to pour it slowly into your glass."
"Aftertaste is of fresh brewed full-flavored coffee. Well made and recommended. Cheers!"
"Poured into an imperial pint glass, formed a 1"" dark brown head above the opaque dark brown/black brew. Head holds the fort nicely, with average to good lacing. Aroma is roasted dark grains. Taste is sweet dark malts to start, slight acrid coffee in the middle, with a lactic character that lingers through the close. Mouthfeel is velvety smooth, and drinkability is easy."
"Easy to drink and enjoyable enough. I wish this one had a bit drier finish. Kinda flat flavor profile. Not bad, but not great. Decent for the price but nothing worth writing home about..."
"Future outlook: This is a decent enough, though uninspiring drink. With so many worthy options, I can't think of any compelling reasons to seek this out again."
"Notes from: 6/4/06"
"Drinkability- Get rid of the sour and you have a really nice American made foreign stout. It went very well with the oyster stew we made for Christmas Eve dinner."
"HV"
"http://buckeyebeerengine.com/"
"Poured into my St. Bernardus glass a very very nice dark brown color, very nice carbonatin, huge thick/creamy two-finger plus tan head, with lots of nice sticky lacing to follow. The nose is malty, lots of nice chocolate, coffee/toffee notes. The taste is malty, nice touch of chocolate/coffee/toffee, the finish is slightly dry/bitter. Medium body, a very nice looking brew. Drinkable, this is my first form Buckeye and it will not be my last, some nice stuff, thanks Tim."
"Pours black as night, what little light escapes through the bottom of the glass is stained deep brown. A brown/cappuccino head floats atop the inky surface. Notes of roasted, dry and somewhat bitter bakers chocolate and sweet black coffee emanate from its head. Roasted almost burnt chocolate malt, coffee bean, and bready yeast are rounded and balanced by an aggressive but pleasant hop bitterness. Very large carbonation feel in the mouth, not Belgian tingly feeling but like warm root beer feeling, ya know what i mean? Good burps. Bright mouthfeel, medium/full bodied, definitely drinkable, no detectable alcohol. Nice brew!"
"Slightly metallic roasted bitterness up front. Earthy cocoa flavor develops along with roasted barley and a milk chocolate-y sweetness. Hint of licorice and tobacco. Finish has some baking chocolate bitterness with earthy peat and lingering roasted barley. Medium-bodied with a fairly carbonated feel. Maybe even a little over carbonated. Not bad though."
"22 oz bottle. Pours nearly black with an insane amount of tan carbonated head. Took several pours to get an acceptable amount into my glass. Aroma of dark chocolate and slight roast malt. Initial flavor is more chocolate than coffee. After taste was slightly dryer than the initial flavor and it did not linger on for very long. Lots of carbonation, some lacing, medium body, light on the alcohol. The beer was drinkable, simple in flavor."
"I've come to appreciate most of the offerings coming out of Buckeye Brewing Company. Which is why I refuse to let this bottle of Mammoth Stout color my impressions of what I'm sure is a much better beer than the one that entered my glass today. I'll pick up another bomber the next time I'm in the Buckeye State and will do another review with a beer that is (hopefully) as the brewers intended."
"I like a lively pour and this was a big noisy pour with a nice dark brown bubbly head. Smell was pleasantly sweet but subtle. Taste was good in all you want for the style - slightly bitter like black coffee and dry. There were nice hints of coffee and licorice as well. Well done and would love to see more brewers try this style."
"Could be a decent beer. Seems light for its ""mammoth"" moniker. Just too carbonated to truly enjoy. I hope the next batch is corrected."
"As soon as I started the pour, bubbles just shot everywhere into my pint glass. It took the beer a while to settle down before I could pour close to a full glass. After it settled, the beer was very dark brown/black with a frothy, carbonated brown head. It smells like roasted malt, coffee and some sweet chocolate. It tasted the same way except it has some hop flavor too, along with a slightly bitter aftertaste. The beer has a medium mouthfeel, but with too much carbonation for my liking. But with that being said, it did go down pretty smooth. Overall, I thought this was a pretty good beer. It tastes and smells great. Hopefully the next batch will have a little less carbonation to make it more drinkable, because I would like to drink this again."
"it's a nice stout. my only concern is that it's a little one-dimensional"
"Mouthfeel is smokey, bitter, and dry like some old coffee that's been in the pot for too long."
"Buckeye Mammoth Stout was pleasant, but not spectacular. The lack of head in a beer with this carbonation level was peculiar, but still a decent stout."
"Mouthfeel/ Drinkability: This beer is just shy of a medium bodied beer. The beer drinks very well. This is a highly sessionable beer."
"I think this would make an excelent session beer. It is mild and not aggressive. I could drink this beer for hours. Thanks David for bringing it to me."
"This beer isn't as thick as the ""Mammoth"" tag implies. This beer has good drinkability. This could be a nice stout session beer."
"Noticed the new black & white label so I figured I would try this again. Pours solid black with a thick dark brown head that lasts very long. Sticky sheets of lacing. Aroma of roasted coffee and malt. Rich yet dry body with a tasty blend of coffee, roasted malt and nuts. A bit of bitter chocolate as well. The finish is dry with bitter coffee and hops. The label may be duller now but the beer certainly is not."
"22 oz. bomber. Pours jet black, with a thick foamy dark tan head. The head on this is nearly brown in color. Head disappears very quick. Espresso aroma, slightly smoky and charred. Deep roasty flavor, charred again. Flavor fades into some bitterness, with only a hint of espresso. Thin mouthfeel, low carbonation. Kind of disappointing, I was expecting more flavor, especially from the name."
"Low intensity aroma features mild roast coffee and little else. Deep black body holds a quickly fading mocha head that compresses to a nickel coin thickness. Very hoppy fore followed by coffee and chocolate notes. Fairly consistent, higher than normal, hops profile throughout. Finish is smooth and creamy. Tasty if fairly narrow on the flavor range. At least the intensity of what you can taste is fairly high."
"Drinkability - one of the best bottles of beer I've ever had. I shall buy more. Fresh, it's not my 5.0 beer, but with a reduced hop profile it's unbeatable. Thanks to Buckeye Brewing for a memorable 400th review."
"Drinkability: I could drink this all day. Take my two favorite styles (stout/IPA) and combine them and this is what you come up with. Crazy but good. Don't drink this if you are looking for a classic example of the style. This, however, defines ""extreme beer""."
"I discovered this still available at one of the stores, so will see if it was helped by a little aging. It poured a very dark, almost black color and formed a nice foamy medium tan head that left circular lace as it subsided. An aroma of malt, burnt coffee and chocolate. A flavor of malt and coffee. The finish is bittersweet with a touch of sourness. Not a bad stout, but it's hard to place what it's trying to be."
"Overall, a good offering from Buckeye Brewing."
"Excellent appearance, although my bottle may have been a little overcarbonated. The head is dense and a dark tan and the body is absolutely black. The aroma has a hoppy bite along with a mocha and charcoal. The flavor is a little dusty, and off-dry. Excellent dry stout."
"Another great beer from Buckeye. This reminds me more of an Imperial stout than a foreign/export, but either way it's quite enjoyable. Nice richness, and one I'd love to see again."
"Poured into a pint glass with a thick head that eventually laced nicely down the glass. The color was an opaque black leaving the impression that this would indeed have the burnt malt flavor of a Guiness. To my surprise it was everybit as sweet as it's malty, chocolate aroma. It was even more bitter than I had expected with a crazy mouthfeel from the tip all the way to the back of the tongue. All in all I will be indulging in the beer frequently now that I have discovered it. Thank you Buckeye Brewing Company."
