review_text
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"D: A little tasty, goes down easily, not too filling, good kick, decent representation of style, a decent beer overall but there are certainly better alternatives within the style."
""
""
""
"(Got a few of these in a couple of trades.) Poured an awesome midnight black with fantastic thick head and great lacing. Very nice thick and deep scent, with sweet malts, roasted grains, and a nice bit of earthy hops in the back. Great flavor, with great roasted grains, a nice hint of coffee and chocolate, and a nice earthy hoppiness at the end to mellow it out. It went down great, with little hint of its higher ABV. Looking forward to having another at Halloween."
"Bittersweet dark chocolate tastes, toasted grains, and bready flavors are among the first things that hit my palate before the bitterness associated with dark roasted malts. This brew is very well balanced between the chocolate/coffee, the sweetness, and the slight hint of alcohol in the flavors. The beer has a texture on the thick side of medium-bodied with a smooth and with a smooth and viscous mouthfeel. Drinkability is good."
"WOW! Now this is a great stout! Definitely one of the better stouts I have had in a long time! The beer is BLACK! Deep black, thick, almost chewy thick.. pours like molasses, but all of these adjectives I use lovingly! This beer is smooth and heavy, it definitely has some weight behind it and is definitely a new favorite of mine! The only negative thing I can and will say about this brew is that I should have tried it sooner! If you love stouts like me, do not pass this up! This is top notch stuff!"
"Honestly, I think this is, and many other imperial stouts are, over the top, rejecting flavor in place of abv and ""cred."" Bring the ABVs down a touch and I bet I would be able to pick out a lot more of the tasty nuances of this brew. But that may just be my anti-high grav self talking."
"I could drink another one, if I had a another one. Really tasty, easy to drink and no booze taste."
"There is not much of an aroma coming from this beer, some pretty minor chocolaty undertones and some hints of coffee, but nothing that really catches your attention. It has a very nice subtle chocolaty flavor, not bitter, but not overly sweet. The chocolate and roasty flavors are the most prevalent, pretty much no hops at all. Theres not too much else going on flavor wise and it has a little more carbonation that I prefer in a stout, but its not enough to ruin the smoothness. Overall this is a good beer, nothing exceptional, but definitely a worthy stout."
"HV"
"D: Very nice beer. Easy drinker for sure. I would pick this up again if given the chance."
"D - This one doesn't really need to be split but sharing it with a friend is always nice. And to answer the label's question, ""Do you dare?"" Yes I do. It's a great stout!"
"This is my first ReaperAle beer. It's alright, but I'm far from blown away. It's above average, but it needs a little more of everything to really stand out. More aromatics, a stronger flavor, and more body. It's not a total disaster and is probably worth a try. Go for the single bomber though."
"Drinks well enough and is a pretty good beer for the style."
"Overall, this is a more than decent brew, and the first goes down pleasantly, and tasty, but I think 1 is good. I'll probably drink one of these once or twice every month or so."
"Cheers...."
"Taste is pretty thin, even approaching watery with coffee and cola-esque malt flavors leading the way. Some slight astringency, and the ABV is not very well disguised. Light fruits like some cantaloupe and strawberries are in there and is not very tasty in this style of stout. An acrid bitterness lingers long on the palate and pretty sure it is not from hops. This beer is not one of the better foreign export stouts I have had. I wont have too much trouble finishing the bomber but this is not one I will be purchasing again."
"D - These flavors are too whacky for me to find this to be a long session beer. ABV is high, but manageable. Not filling."
"Overall a good example of a foreign/export stout. My main complaint is that the aroma just doesn't show much in terms of the roasted grains. Other than a light dusting of roast, I get mostly licorice and a little fruit. Also, the carbonation bites a little, but this is actually considered appropriate for style. Worth trying, but maybe a cut below top of the line."
"Drinkability: Very nice smell and the flavors are quite nice; I do wish the body was a bit thicker; the ABV is pretty do-able for a stout (7.75%) so I could get through a couple glasses in a night, but probably not much more than that."
"Overall this is a decent sipper. It lacks the punch of a great stout. Even so it still quenched my thirst on this dreary winter day."
"I guess this beer is pretty good. I kind of flip-flopped during the consumption but overall I was pleased. Roasty, slightly fruity, salty, thin on the mouthfeel, and quite dry. Enjoyable."
"Overall this was a pretty fair beer. Get ready for some intensity of the roasted character. Overally I'd like it. I think I would have given it a better score if it wasn't for that soury aroma in the nose character. It thows it off and makes you think of soured milk before you drink it. However, once you can get past it, the flavor is very nice."
"The drink leans more toward medium in a medium-fullish body with an additional lightening-up of fine carbonation. An easy drinker."
"Pours black as the dead of night with little lacing and a very dark head; smells faintly like coffee and coffee notes begin in the taste, but there is also a dry dark fruit aftertaste. Mouthfeel is silky and smooth, and this is a very drinkable beer for its ABV."
"If you are looking to try something out of the ordinary, this is it."
"Hope I had a bad bottle."
"Nice roasted flavor not bad, okay I think this beer is one of the more true locals, I do graphic design for a living and believe the label for the beer was made by the guys that created the beer or perhaps they have a friend who made it, really!!! papyrus for the mortality stout font....I personally think papyrus should be outlawed along with the fajita font... It seems every grandma or antique shopper uses these damned fonts...sorry for going on a rant....I happen to be a design snob, but I also am a beer snob, sort of, and while reaper ale has a generic trying too hard design, they do have a high quality beer."
"Pours dark black with a tan head. Smell is lots of roasty malt, with a little dark fruit. Flavor is more roasted malt, with a strong roasted aftertaste. There is a little bit of chocolate in the taste as well. Not a very complex beer, but enjoyable none the less. Recommended."
"The only non-hop-driven beer I've had from this brewery, and a pretty good stout."
"Not bad, I just wish it had more bold roasted flavor that I love so much with stouts. Still, worth a try."
"An okay Stout. This seems like an example of marketing over substance... C'mon, who uses the Papyrus font still? Seriously? Tisk tisk and shame on them. Not worth the trouble."
"D- I couldn't finish my 12oz's poured in my glass. I have a certain distaste for dry stouts but I expect a little more robust flavors from an export stout."
"Decent stout. I am not a fan of stouts but tried this in a 'beer of the month' selection and it is good."
"Out of a 22 ounce bomber bottle and into my nonic pint glass. The stout appears a deep brown color with about an inch of fluffy tan foam. Nose and flavor are of roasted grains, bittersweet cocoa, caramel, bitter and pungent bad coffee, dark toast. Medium bodied with ample carbonation."
"Pours opaque with off-white head. Aroma is sweet, cream, and some notes of chocolate. Taste is very subtle: slight chocolate with a dry finish and rather boring in flavor. Light carbonation in this medium-bodied brew. This is not quite what I look for in a stout. It was drinkable but not very enjoyable."
"D: Pass. A little too far down the funk road for me, and out of style as well."
"Pours very dark with almost no head nor lace. It's very subdued in smell, earthy with some cocoa undertones. The taste is very lacking for this level of beer, IMO. Not near enough sweetness, lots of sour. Thin, even the mouth is thin. Not very drinkable at all."
"Dark brown head about one finger thick that slowly recedes to nothing. Black hued beer with just a thin ring of brown highlight. Heavy roasted malts give mixed aromas of coffee and chocolate. This mixes with a tart cherry aroma. Starts out with some roasted, tart,ad vinuous fruits. Through the middle to the finish, the roasted malt comes through with an eventual, tart chocolate finish. The only bitterness in this beer is in atouch of alcohol in the palate. thats about it. Was not expecting a somewhat puckering stout."
"D - I bet this beer would be great on tap. A lot of really good features in this beer, but everything is dominated by the twang. Infected bottle? Flaw in the bottling procedure? Needed more conditioning time? I don't know, but this was a drain pour."
"D: Not very good, unfortunately. Some strange off flavours."
"All in all, an enjoyable beverage, but nothing spectacular."
"There seems to be an intense and somewhat inappropriate sourness that I associate with red wine that is too old, like a vinegar. It is not that offensive, just way too pronounced. I think it would be pleasant if it were more subtle, as I enjoy sour beers very much."
"Notes: I always handwrite my reviews, then enter them into the computer when I have the time. I didn't plan on posting this, as I figured that I must have gotten a bad bottle. But, after reading some other reviews that said the same thing, I decided to go ahead with it. Just plain awful!"
"Pours a very dark black brown colored body, with a small tannish head. Woody chocolaty coffee aroma. Very chocolaty smelling, maybe milk chocolate. Very carbonated, chocolate flavor. Cleanish aftertaste. Watery-ish taste. Nice chocolate taste, a little roasted coffeeness. Has a dry taste, somewhat dusty. Pretty tasty."
"Black with a lasting tan head. Some creamy and caramel aromas, as well as some cocoa and roasty aromas. Roasty, bitter, licorice, and still a little bit of hops in the taste. Medium carbonation and higher than medium body. Good beer as it was, probably even better when fresh."
"Really good stout. Very dark. Poured creamy-thick. Bittersweet coffee taste with some chocolate and honey/toffee flavor. While it poured thick, it was unusually light-feeling in my mouth and had a smooth, dry finish, almost like a dry/Irish stout. Definitely will have another."
"Outstanding label! This stout stands on its own. It isn't an outstanding stout but it stands...out there. It has a caramel and malt vinegar aroma. Just a tad to much roast in the body. This may sound bad, but it isn't. It is a drinkable midrange stout."
"This beer is probably spoiled, but I don't know what they were shooting for, so maybe not...? Definitely undrinkable. Drain pour."
"Drinkability: This is one funky, sour, with way too many malted, roasted astringencies. This one was rough, really rough, and I can't recommend it to anyone."
"Overall- Not impressed. The overly sweet malt dominates. I say avoid this 1."
"Overall, this was a very solid, easy to drink stout. It wasn't spectacular by no means, but I really enjoyed this one."
"Better than the nose suggested. Some nice roastiness, with a hint of smoke, that same powdery cocoa and even leaving a chalky mouthfeel. Finish is stale and unappeasing. Caramel shows through more with a big dose of barley. A pretty lackluster beer."
"d: Thanks to Gueuzedude for the extra from his LIF. My first of this style was pretty good, but with all the other stout options out there..."
"Not bad, very close to great."
"D: This is a really good stout, creamy and smooth, I could easily have another one."
"Pours a beautiful Root Beer brownish red with a thick dark head. Very happy with this beer. Not as rich as I remember but very delicious. Mild chocolaty taste with a wonderful smokey odor. Nice clean finish for a stout. I'm generally not a stout gut but this milder version works for me. Hurry back ReaperAle!"
"Thick oily black body poured vigorously settles into the chalice creating an inch and a half of carmel colored foamy head. Leaves sstrong lace as it fades. Nose is rich thick and chalked full of browny like chocolatey sweetness, which is a lovely experience all its own. As it enters the mouth you get a beer that is smooth and balanced with tones of bitter chocolate, rich burnt malt and well represented mineral based. A nice even sweetness is there throughout the palate helping to complete this very tasty brew. Mouthfeel is creamy and full with a toasty darkness coating the tongue. Alchol is completely well hidden. A very good and exceptionally drinkable brew."
"D: A nice hearty drink, fulfilling after one bomber that should leave you satisfied."
"Taste is quite thin and a bit too carbonated in the finish. This one smells a bit better than it tastes. An average stout."
"Pretty drinkable for a stout, also, particularly considering the high ABV."
"Jen: I was expecting a lot more out of this stout, but I don't hate it either. It starts off with a light aroma of chocolate and coffee. The taste is of mocha, roasted malts and a slight burntness to it. The chalkiness, IMO, is almost overwhelming anything great this beer could have been, so instead it is just good. For 7.5% it is fairly easy to drink, but leaves a sourness in your mouth afterwards. I wish with a name like this, it would have been better!"
"Drinkability: Pretty easy to down, but not interesting enough to invest in regularly."
"Overall, a nice stout. It's a little too sweet for me, it needs a little more roast or bitterness IMO."
"An easy drinker for the style that's certainly worth a try if you can find it...not a problem here in SD."
"A nice, strong stout. Not an everyday type of beer, but nevertheless an enjoyable one. Very strong, but not over-the-top. Great for lovers of this type of beer. I'll be sure to get this again at some point."
"I picked this up last summer and only got around to drinking it Super Bowl Sunday. I don't know if the wait had any effect on it, but first pour was very heady: A three-finger pour yeilded a thick, cocoa-colored head to the top of the glass. It settled pretty quickly and yielded an amazing smell or roasted chocolate. The brew itself was midnight-black, but not thick. First sip brought a coffee taste and a strong roasted malt flavor. It was definitely not boozy and is smooth on the tongue; very easy to drink. However, the roastiness forces you to slow down an enjoy. Easily shot up to one of my most favorite stouts."
"Pours an almost opaque black with faint reddish highlights. Creamy tan head leaves some lacing. Aroma is chocolate. Taste is roasted malts. Body is thinner than I would have expected. This is a tasty beer, but I was hoping for more body and complexity. I wouldn't buy this again but it is enjoyable."
"Flavor is close to nose with some chocolate and roasted malt but again the flavor is fairly mild. The ABV is extremely well hidden especially considering how mild the flavor is. Easy drinker, good beer, not as much flavor as I had hoped for but good beer nonetheless."
"Not much head which was a shame. Smell was coffee and taste had that thick coffee chocolate hit. It was a decent stout but something was not quite excellent about it. It seemed harsh maybe because of the high alc. %. I will not purchase again."
"Taste overall is good. Malty, nutty, and lightly chocolately. This beer confuses me for several reasons. This brewery's DIPA was just awful, and this beer misses the mark for the style completely. Yet, this is a good tasting beer. If they labeled this beer as a ""stout", I would give it ""5" across the board. Not sure what to make of this one but it is damn tasty, even if it is mis-labeled."
"Drinkability: Nice flavors and easy to drink; a terrific dry stout, but the abv is too high for the style; as a Double, it is lacking"
"It's easy to drink. Fairly uncomplicated for style. When I drank this, I assumed it was a stout. This is not an Imperial. As a stout, it's not bad at all, but as a double stout it falls short. (I was shocked to see it categorized as such.)"
"Drinks pretty easy, but not a super stout, but pretty close. I guess I'm destined to like every other beer I get from this brewery. This one I like!"
"Drinkability: Good. Thanks to intriqken for the opportunity to try this one!"
"Hmmm...this is a yummy after dinner desert and I am going to enjoy the entire 22 oz. very, very slowly."
"Notes: Mouthfeel isn't very full and neither is the body. I would say a shade under medium. Considering that this is a double stout, you could drink lots of it. Very drinkable, but I wish it had more bitterness. The chocolate flavor is good, but there's just something missing from this beer to be very good."
"Mortality Stout... bit conflicted on how to rate this. It's not bad at all, but I felt the saltiness and sheer earthy character detracted from it a bit. No where near as easy to drink as say, Rogue's Shakespeare, but if you like heavy stouts that aren't quite Imperial, give this a try."
"Drinkability – A lot of ADSs are just too big to enjoy more than one, but I’d like to session this on-tap for a few hours."
"D - Drinkable. A very nice stout from Reaper, highly recommend."
"Tastes kinda like a mini-""Dark Lord"". Decent, but not killer."
"Poured a deep black color with a slightly soft and bubble-laiden, mocha colored head. Seemed somewhat viscous during the pour and left behind some nice lacing. Aromas of chocolate, alcohol, and sugar. The taste was sweet with a bitter bite, but not nearly as smooth or 'together' as other beers within this style. The various flavors like chocolate and expresso didn't really seem to work in synergy. Overall, this beer seems to be going in several different directions without a clear cut profile or aim. Not creamy or smooth in my mouth, but definitely bitter leading to sour. I had a bomber of this, but I won't be looking for it again any time soon."
"The body was good with a mid to full body feel. Not much on the phenol flavors but lighter plum taste come out. The beer is a bit too smooth, but still enjoyable to drink. Maybe instead of ""never more," it should be ""well maybe one more."""
"Not a massive stout, but tasty enough and high marks for drinkability."
"Drinkability: A decent crack at the style, but there's much more flavor to many others that I've had. This almost seems like a lighter version of the style, though. And I don't mean that in a derogatory way necessarily, it's just I wish it was more amped up. However, I'm glad I tried it and I enjoyed it for the most part."
"I think the viscosity could have been higher, it seemed a little watery for the style to me. But otherwise it was a really good stout."
"Deep dark black in color-very ""clean"" looking considering the color. Nice, tight tan head on top. Rather slight aroma-sort of chocolatey/raiseny thing going on but you really have to get your nose right down in it and whiff to get anything. Great roasted and chocolate flavors. Big hunk of roasted malt goodness. Some very well done coffee and espresso like characteristics. A nice, sublte sweetness in the backround which I really like in a stout. Mouthfeel is good-could use a bump in body for my liking. Very, very enjoyable beer. Thank you sir may I have another?"
"What a glorious pour. Black with a massive, longlasting light brown head. The nose has sweet chocolate, caramel, and city roast coffee. This is lighter in body and flavor profile then other double stouts. I can't figure out whether that's a good thing since it doesn't have a mouthfeel like syrup or crude, or a bad thing for the same reason. This beer is all roasted malts- coffee, bittersweet chocolate, baker's chocolate, earthy hops, and caramel. I'm always seeing beers from this brewery, but I had never remembered to look it up and see how they score. I took a shot on this one and it payed off, although I would like to see more daring offerings."
"Tasty stout that is nearly in the same class as 8-Ball Stout. Tasty and nearly great there are a few minor rough edges here mostly it goes slightly to burned in taste. I recommend that you give this a try if you like 8-Ball stout."
"Black in color with a large chocolate brown head of foam. Cocoa, roasted barley, chocolate, sour fruits and citrusy hops in the nose. Rich malts coat the palate with a silky film of flavors, including chocolate, cocoa, roast and grapefruit (hops). Pretty good overall but the finish is a bit sour."
"Overall I was suprised by this double stout. It has not made the top of my stout list but it was good and left me wanting a bit more. I think I might have paid a bit too much for mine but the tasting was a good time."
"Beer is good. Happy 1/2 hearted beering."
"Drinkability: Very enjoyable beer overall, nicely drinkable."
"by far the best reaper beer I have tried, this one hits it in the most important categories, I will buy this again. Will it supplant Old Raspy or Storm King? hmm.... probably not but it is damn close and definitely a shade different from both of those. good stuff."
"Drinkable in it's own right, but when reaching for a double stout I'd sooner reach for a Storm King."
"Mortality Stout is yet another good beer from a brewery that I believe is underrated. I love the death/skulls/Grim Reaper motif since it takes the Stone gargoyle one step further. It's far from a gimmick, though, since these guys brew quality beer after quality beer, no matter the style. The label asks 'Do You Dare?' If you want a good, solid, intensely drinkable stout, the correct answer is 'Hell Yeah'."
"This is kind of like Yeti divided by two. It's more thin, not as sweet, and not as rich. Overall, though, it's pretty damn good, and one I would gladly have again."
"Great beer, will buy this again throughout the winter, and probably even when it's warmer."
"Poured a dark, thick, syrupy black, with a dark brown head, good retention and lacing. Aroma of bitter chocolate, roasted coffee and slight alcohol. Taste was full of burnt chocolate, roasted flavours and charcoal. Finishes pretty dry and bitter. Some acidity, but otherwise very pleasant. Quite a delicious stout."
"22 oz. with no freshness date. Pours pitch black with a 1/2 inch yellow/brown head that doesn't linger long or leave much lace, but that's fine for the style. Smells of coffee, chocolate, and milkiness - kinda like an oatmeal stout. Same notes on the palate, along with toasty/burnt malts, anise, creaminess, and hops that suggest pine, citrus, and spiciness. It has a medium body with nice carbonation and the alcohol is hidden well. Tastes good but doesn't have enough IBUs (30) to put it in the imperial/double stout in my book, but the milkiness and the higher ABV suggest a beefed up oatmeal or milk stout. However, because of the lower IBUs and ABV (for a double stout), it is an easy drinker and one I may come back to."
"Dark black with a generous light chocolate head. Leaves it's lacy trail down the inside of my glass. Smells of roasted malts, coffee beans and cocoa. Tastes excellent, malty and roasty, a hint of creamy chocolate with a slight alcohol warming feel in the aftertaste. It's a little on the thin side in the mouthfeel department, but the level of drinkabilty makes this a great brew to enjoy on a late summer evening."
"Drinkability- In most cases, I would like to try this on tap if I ever found it. Or maybe let a bottle age a bit. Taste is very good, by the fizz needs to calm down a bit."
"overalll I liked this stout alot. I think it was a bit thin...I may be getting spoiled by some other big stouts but it just didnt have that milky/thick/saucey in your face finish that an american stout has."
"Drinkability... all right, but nothing really stood out head and shoulders above the rest."
"The beer pours a deep, dark black color with a thick frothy tan head that slowly fades to lacing. The aroma is good. It has a rich malt scent that is high in chocolate and roasted malts. It's sweet and creamy with a dry, earthy black patent malt aroma; some warm alcohol notes. The taste is decent. It has a very dry and earthy flavor that goes down slow and finishes sweet with a chocolate aftertaste. It's creamy on the way down, but they overdid the patent malt content. This is way too ""black"" tasting. The mouthfeel is decent also. It is a full bodied beer with adequate carbonation. This is a pretty good brew. I wish they would back down on the patent malt and add some more chocolate and crystal malts. The earthiness is too much for me."
"Drinkability is good. Other than the slightly gummy mouthfeel, she seems like a winner. ABV isn't really that noticable."
"Alcohol is well-hidden, virtually unnoticeable. This drinkable high octane stout grew on me as I drank it."
"Very dark brown to mortally black body topped by a large, thick brown sugar head. Aroma is heavy on a meaty baking chocolate bittersweetness, with roasted notes, and peaty coffee. Taste starts with unsweetened, rather bland semi-roasted malt. Light roasted bitterness picks up over the minerally, earthy, home-brewy malt. Finish is tannin bitter with residual, acidic baking chocolate malt. Medium bodied, but feels a bit syrupy at times. Not bad, but it's missing something."
"Black brew no light getting thru, a tan foamy head doesn't last long. Aroma is light overall, roasted malt, chocolate and coffee with some citrusy hops. Taste is smooth lightly bitter roasted flavors coffee dominates with some chocolate coming through. Hops mingle with burnt flavors for a bitter finish. Overall a decent stout but a little weak for a double stout. Mouthfeel is smooth but not really creamy, more of a burnt bitter combination. Drinkability is not bad but there are better double stouts to be had."
"Pours with a creamy brown head that thins slowly to islands atop the dark brown brew. The aroma is rich with chocolate and molasses. The aroma is so full that you can smell it clearly across a dinner table, let alone with the glass up to your nose. The flavor has a little bit of hops up front then after that it is a thick chocolatey melange. There's a sour roasty flavors stashed in the chocolate too. Very well done."
"The beer in the glass an ebony color with a meaningful in size chocolate head that is creamy in texture and after its demise the lace forms a thick and sticky sheet of lace to conceal the glass. Nose is sweet chocolate with coffee and deep roasted grain aromas; start is sweet and the malt presence adequate with the top rich and full in its feel to the palate. Finish has a pronounced hop spiciness, delightful acidity, bittersweet chocolate dry and a beer that is much better on draught than the bottled version it appears that Reaper Ales have succumbed to the weaker is better mentality to appeal to the masses, nay I say, the masses be damned!"
"Pours with a one-finger brown head that fades slowly and leaves a good lace. Totally black color. Medium carbonation and heavy bodied. Nose is a sweet caramel. Starts with a chocolate/coffee flavor and finishes with a nice malt/hop balance. $3.99 for a 22 oz bottle; found at Liquor Barn, Lexington, KY. Label says this is brewed and bottled by Bayhawk Ales Inc. Irvine, Ca."
"22 ounce bottle."
"An interesting stout, but not something I would care to have again. I wouldn't refuse it if it were free, but these guys have some problems with quality control. Somebody must have throw in some Brett. on the weekend and messed up their pipes. Despite this, it's not bad as a beer in general, but definitely falls short of the mark for the style."
"Appearance is a black as night brew initially pouring a beauiful tan head that was reduced to nothing virtually. Smell is of toasted malts, chocolate, and coffee. Taste is more of the same with a dry hop finish but it is leaving an odd acidic aftertaste on my palate. Nice full mouthfeel and a nice play on balancing the ingridients. Overall drinkability is OK but the aftertaste of this brew will not have me seeking this out again."
"Overall this is not a favorite stout of mine."
"The first aroma that strikes me from this beer is the smell of an old doorway (why I don't know but it just is), after this I get an aroma of roast malt. This beer is a bit oily in character. It has a roast flavor that dominates the flavor profile. This beer is mostly easy drinking, it could be better if it had more of a malty body to it. This is definitely not a bad beer but it is lacking some oomph."
"Pours a dark brown, nearly black color with mahogany highlights around the edges. Topped by a voluminous tan head that lasts a long time and can be brought back up by swirling the glass. The aroma is strong roasted notes and a decent bit of hops. The initial taste is a nice roasted flavor with a decent amount of sweetness. Strong chocolate flavors as well, with a decent amount of hop bitterness on the finish, but then a slightly tart sharpness slips in. The sweetness is enough to make me think this is a milk stout of some sort, but the tartness is wrong. The mouthfeel is also a bit thin and watery. Drinkability is poor due to the odd finish and the unimpressive mouthfeel. Four of us tried this, two thought it was decent and two of us didn't care for it at all."
"Beautiful black coffee pour with a gigantic mocha colored head that slowly settled into a thin blanket. Aroma is a delighful malty roastedness. Creamy mouthfeel, a quick flash of roasted malt and then, whoa! An acidic sour slam dunk on the tongue. Waaay out of whack for the dry Irish flavor profile, which is what I think they were going for. Not undrinkable, but I'm not going back for more."
"Really cool imagery, but the beer doesn't quite live up to it. Pours a thick black color with a medium beige head. Fairly thick lacing. Aroma of bitter coffee and dark malt. Medium bodied and fairly dry, this isn't the easiest Stout to drink. Very bitter roasted coffee flavor with an acidic aspect that does not mellow at all throughout the glass. Overall it is unbalanced on the sharp side. The finish is in line with the rest of the experience, being bitter with a little bit of roasty malt. There are many better Stouts out there."
"This beer pours very dark - barley wine dark. It pours with a small dark tan head that doesn't hang around for long and the aroma is full of chocolate and coffee - very pleasing. The aroma gave me high hopes, but the flavor did not back it up. The taste is very dry and the chocolate and coffee are not highly detectable and it is almost a little sour. It's not a bad beer, but I can't say that I'll have another one anytime soon."
"Black in color, with a creamy, moderate sized dark tan head. Head dissipates quickly but leaves a very nice lace down the glass. An imposing-looking stout. Aroma is roasty, chocolately, malt dominated with a hint of cherry and alcohol. Flavor is more of the same, much what'd you expect from a high-ish ABV stout, but once again, I note a certain tartness in the background which I seem to find in all Bayhawk beers. This tartness fits in better here (or at least is better obscured) than in their porter, but it is still distracting, and has a lightening effect on the body which doesn't seem appropriate. Not a beer I would recommend."
"The appearance of this stout poured almost black with dark brown foam. The smell was of roasted malts and coffee. But, the taste was of coffee like the aroma, but, the roasted malts had a slight burnt flavor to it. The burnt flavor was not overpowering, but still took away what great beer this could have been. Well balanced with the sweet/bitterness, but, that burnt taste in the finish was just a slight turnoff."
"A full, foamy, dark-tan head is raised during the pour. It rest shortly over an opaque black/brown body before dropping to a thin collar that leaves spotty lace. The nose is rich with deep roasted (slightly burnt) malts and an almost vinous fruitiness. The body is medium/light, and a very fine and moderate carbonation lends to an exceptionally soft and smooth mouthfeel. The flavor displays a mildly complex combination of mildly sweet (caramel, dark chocolate), slightly tart, and deeply roasted malt. It finishes quite dry (due in part to its low pH from the dark malts), but not overly bitter, with some residual bittersweet chocolate and a touch of burnt caramel. Enjoyable, but not outstanding. This beer is a bit of an enigma. It resembles a dry stout, and yet it's alcohol content is way too high. It borders on being an Imperial stout, but doesn't offer the body. Regardless, it's interesting and enjoyable; and probably worth trying."
"Pours jet black with a tan head that disappears pretty quickly. The smell is chocolate with just a bit of coffee. The taste is quite nice, again with chocolate and coffee bringing things home. It has a nice creamy mouthfeel appropriate for the style. All in all, a good stout."
"Mortality Stout – Long May it Live!!!"
