review_text
""
""
"O: Fine for a while, but the malty flavor starts to overpower. Not much else going on here."
""
""
""
""
"On tap at the Great Lost Bear. Sourish spicy flaour. Cloudy red with a significant head. A tad of hop aroma. They said this is how it tastes,it came recommended by patrons, and that is only something I would if really pressed, and even then I cannot finish a glass.Mouthfeel is blah."
""
""
""
""
""
"O: this is good for the style and pretty good to me"
"Aroma and flavors center on the malt. It's sweet and bold, some peat or smoke just in the background. Earthy, some fresh nut and caramel. A hint of fruit...apple?...comes in the middle. A bit slick or flat it seems. A solid offering"
"I have had this beer on tap in various restaurants throughout midcoast Maine, and have also purchased growlers of this ale. It is a darker ale, and bold, but has a sweet flavor. Almost a caramel taste. Malt-y, and very good, with no bad aftertaste. Not very widely distributed, unfortunately. Wishing it was available in Central NY and not just in Maine."
"A nice, almost sessionable small-batch ale."
"A dark brown copper colored brew with little sign of a head and no lacing as poured chilled at the Great Lost Bear in Porland, ME.The aroma is a fairly weak maple malt with maybe a hint of evergreen. The flavor offers a watery coffee/iced tea malt with a prevailing tart apple bite. It's also a little woodsy, revealing a bit of its Scottish intentions but this is pretty thin bodied and aqueous if you want a satisfying result, for me. Modestly carbonated, at best, more like a cask ale, and just not enough guts to make a good grade. It does carry a decent grassy/evergreen type bite. It's not that far off, but it's not there. Fair drinkability if you like the tart flavor enough, but not something I will repeat most likely."
"The drink on this beer is very good considering the amount of flavor. it is smooth and easy to drink and doesn't fill you to quickly."
"22oz. bottle picked up in Waterbury, VT. Served in a standard pint. Pours 80% head - tan in color, sizzling and rocky. As head gradually collapses it reveals a semi-hazy amber liquid. Head eventually settles into a semi-consistent skim of a cap with textured clumps of lacing revealed during the tasting. Nose is somewhat yeasty, followed by a slightly pungent character somewhat reminiscent of cheese. There's also a trace of fruity malt in the mix. Taste follows nose, with the addition of a nutmeg or allspice; however, it's all a bit watered down and there is a slightly metallic tinge to the flavor profile. Mouthfeel is light-medium (but closer to light) with a pleasant, even carbonation and a fairly clean finish. Not a bad representation of the style, but the metallic flavor kills it for me."
"d - An ok ale, but nothing really jumped out at me in the smell or taste. Wouldn't buy again."
"Had this on tap at The Lobster Pound in Lincolnville. Poured a beautiful brown color with off-white head. Clean aromas of crisp malt and bread on nose with a super creamy malted caramel flavor. Highly drinkable for a scotch ale, I wish I could get my hands on this at home. Definitely recommend."
"Taste is really similar to the nose, quite malty an sweet - there's a bit of a spiciness like nightmeg or something. The finish is a bit yeasty but nice. Refreshing out at the ocean!"
"Thanks, mikeale, for the opportunity"
"Edit: The growler version is quite different from the contract-brewed version you find in bombers and on-tap. Different yeast and different water- I think even an inexperienced beer drinker could tell them apart."
"Very nice coppery color with a great off tan colored head that has some great lacing hanging around. Somewhat solvent like and rubbery aroma. Definate malty flavor upfront. Nice trace of caramel like and toffeeish sweetness. Again, like the aroma it is somewhat rubbery and that tends to detract from what would be an otherwise pleasant experience. Somewhat bready/biscuit like. Nice, soft mouthfeel to it. A nice Scottish ale. I had not realized this was on my wants. I tend to think this might just be a somewhat off bottle-the positives tend to come thru in the long run."
"An interesting experiment from Sheepscot (they've done cask beer before, so it's not inexperience), but I'd be interested in trying Pemaquid on cask again to see how it turns out once more."
"Brewed by Sebago."
"This is definitely a diamond in the rough, my only personal issue is with the carbonation and fruity yeast/sourness. That's not to say that either element is out of place, but could definitely be toned down a tad on both counts."
"I've had Pemaquid on-tap at a number of establishments in Maine, and it's definitely better than from the bottle. Also, for better or worse, Sebago is actually the company that brews these bombers of Pemaquid. I'm told that all of Sheepscot's beers are best experienced from the original source, in a growler directly from the barn-brewery in Whitefield (i.e., not Sebago)."
"D: Tasty enough, not a terrific version of the style, but a serviceable one. Wouldn't mind having this again, though I'd say my chances are pretty slim of finding more, barring a trip to Maine."
"A decent example of the style. Very drinkable but perhaps better suited for a cold winter night."
"Reviewed on 06/04/2009. Bottle at PPRBSG09. The beer pours a clear brown with a small head. It has an aroma of super sweet caramel malt and some roasted notes. The flavor is of roasted malt mostly. Overall, I found this beer to be sweet and bland but not too bad."
"Fairly drinkable beer. Pretty simple, but good."
"This is my go-to local beer; whenever I'm wavering on what to drink, a growler of Pemaquid always satisfies! This time around, I had it on tap at the Great Lost Bear. It pours very dark red with a full head of tiny bubbles. The head will disappear so that it is virtually non-existent. Despite that, this is a great beer! The taste is outstanding, neither too hoppy or too malty, but a perfect combination of flavor. Very refreshing; I could drink this one all day."
"Scotch ale, well, I'm not sure about that, but all I know is that it is as enjoyable right now while snow is falling on NJ, as it is in September with a big lobster cooling in front of me in the dock bar at Shaws. The ABV is a bit of a mystery, but I'm pegging it at low to mid 5's."
"Decent."
"D: I would be more than happy to drink these all day. I have had varying experiences with the bottled version of this brew. Some are as amazing as one can get in a growler, which is a stright-up A beer in my opinion. Still none too shabby."
"Out of a bomber this beer was a garnet red/brown color with a one-finger head of Dijon-mustard colored foam. Mediocre retention and decent lacing. The aroma was a pleasant blend of pale malt, caramel malt and floral hops with hints of pineapple. The flavors were malty, slightly sour and mildly astringent in an herbal way with a roasted character in the middle and a long nutty finish. Don't know where the hops went here... The mouthfeel was average, the body a little watery and the carbonation a little too soft."
"Had this beer on tap at Henry & Marty's in Brunswick. Beer was a dark brown color, no head and lots of carbonation. Not a great deal of nose here. Taste was sweet and malty, quite chompy. Mouthfeel was thick and satisfying. Overall a great beer, definitely a good sipper."
"Overall it was not bad, rather ehh, but still better then a lot of the style. I would not really have a problem with trying this one again if it was sent to me. Definitely an interesting take on the style."
"Dark reddish amber, almost brown color. 1/2 inch creamy head. Smell is malty sweet with wonderful fresh wort aromas. Lots of malt upfront in taste and dominates until the middle when the hops kick in. Malt and hops continue to charge through together to the bittersweet finish. Very quaffable flavor profile that includes subtleties in the aroma bouquet. Aromas and flavors include burnt sugar cookies and sweet dried fruits with a hop spice and light smoke to add a little balance. Semi-creamy mouthfeel. Could drink this all night."
"Had this on tap at the great Lost Bear in Portland, and I have to say I didn't finish it. Poured an orange chestnut with a fine, tight head. Unfortunately, it went downhill from there. The smell was a weird combo of sweet malt and a light sourness. The two did not marry well. I don't know if the sourness was intentional or not, but as it was being served at a fairly well respected institution, I took it for what it was. The taste was sour as well- seemed infected. Light and watery. I hesitate to review such beers in the bottle, but on tap I think the brewery is often at fault- particularly if it is being served at a reasonable place. In such cases, I'll review them. Mouthfeel is watery and insipid. Yuck."
"This was sweet. I did drink the whole 22, but I certainly couldnt have drank any more right away. It was good, but slightly off balance, could have used one more shovel of hops to dry the finish a tad more. Overall a decent brew I wouldnt turn my nose up at if it was sent to me again."
"I like Scottish ale and this is a pretty good example. Highly drinkable."
"Did I mention the malt?"
"I could drink another bomber and I'm one who hardly ever drinks more than a beer in a sitting. Yummy beer that I'm glad to have had the oppurtunity to sample."
"Poured into my trusty Red Oak pint glass a mixture of amber and brown good clarity and a tight formed 1/2 finger white head atop.Brown sugar and a touch roasty malt in the nose a lingering sharp herbal note as well,light to medium mouthfeel makes it glide down pretty easily the flavors dont hit hard more subtle malt notes light brown sugar and nut but not overly sweet a light but firm earthiness comes through late making it even more drinkable.Basic but very good its food friendly and has nice malt flavors,brewed with American and Belgian malts and hopped withKent Goldings."
"Pours a deep amber in color beneath a creamy bone white head. Traces of patchy lacing with decent strength. Aromas of musty toffee, caramel, and earthen-floral hops. Toasted maltiness with a semi-sweet toffee and molasses creaminess. Lingering yeasty mustiness with a floral hop finish. Medium in body; airy and biscuity on the palate despite the sweetness. Easy drinking, lightly malted Scottish offering. A decent offering from Sheepscot; decent enough for me to try some of their other offerings."
"Growler purchased at Florian's. Dark brownish-red translucent body with only a thin film of off-white head. Smells roasty and buttery. Tastes malty and roasty, with caramel and chocolate notes coming out after a few sips, as well as suggestions of nut and vanilla. Diacetyl is also there, but takes an almost immediate backseat to the complex maltiness of the beer. Medium bodied with more carbonation than expected, but not to the point of prickly-ness. I'm impressed with the carbonation of this one - just enough. While I think this beer has just a hint of oxidation, after a few sips, the beer's true character emerges, revealing a rich complex plethora of flavors in almost perfect balance. This beer is really good - I'd love to try it on-tap sometime. Definitely growing more impressed with this brewery!"
"Overall an interesting ale with authenticity and local freshness. I could drink a few, but it's not my preferred style. More hops and less sweet than some (boring) brown ales. Definitely worth a try when you see it offered."
"Odd flavor. I get something sulphuric but not as if it was a spent match. It was more like a book of matches that got wet and were never struck. Also a bit of a tang. Are the flavors off? Through it all there is a strongly sweet, caramel presence. Slightly bitter towards the finish. Medium body that is a hair towards thin. Interesting beer but this may be more of a hybrid style with a pale ale I believe."
"This beer was a beautiful dark red color without much head. It had a pleasant fruity odor, and an indefinable fruity taste. It seemed very carbonated to me, and had only average mouthfeel. Not a beer that I'd want to sit down for a long night with, but we could date casually."
"I may have to go over this beer again in the future. I've had this before and don't remember the beer to be how I'm tasting it now. Undated growler that I bought at the Puffin Stop in Damariscotta. Pours a dark brown, very cloudy and a nice head that stays for a couple of minutes. Tastes a somewhat malty/licorice flavor, not very strong, actually quite nice. For a scottish ale is actually a refreshing beer, which makes it a little weird for me. I might have gotten a old growler, I don't know because it doesn't taste old. It just not what I expected. I do recommend it though."
"Pours an off-white, one-finger head that goes quickly and leaves hardly any lace. Clear copper/amber color. Low carbonation and medium bodied. Caramel nose. Starts with a burnt caramel/smoked hickory flavor, hints of bitterness at finish. $9.24 for a 64oz growler from Treats Wiscasset, Me."
"Lots of big brown malt here. Very flavorful and nutty with a hint of diacetyl and toffee. Medium body and lightly hopped. A good solid brown/scotch ale that could easily be drank over the course of an evening."
"Tastes of caramel and sweet malt. Nutty and smoky. Has a light hoppy finish. Medium bodied beer. Nice drinkable brown ale. Steve sure likes his brews bold and malty."
"A very interesting and flavorful brew, the deep brown color and buttery aroma lead toward a smooth bodied ale.  The buttery malty flavors come through the strongest with a nice light spice balance."
"373"
