review_text
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Overall – Very drinkable but in no way exciting or memorable. It could use a touch more sweetness but I guess that might take away from it's sessionability. Worth a try, but i wouldn't revisit this one again."
"Final Thoughts: Well I'm glad this beer taught me about Black Currants in beer, but I dunno. I was impressed at the start of the beer, but it gradually became more and more tame as the carbonation panned out. It's good, but the problem I have is if I wanted a Stout, this wouldn't be what I was looking for. This is more like a milder Porter, so keep that in mind if you pick it up."
"O - a very drinkable stout which is in line with all of the brews I have had from Hockley - good but not great - definitely worth another taste some time soon."
"i love it."
"Drinkability here is definitely high, especially at this ABV (4.2% on this can). I could easily drink a bunch of these in a short period of time. Not sure that I would buy it again but it would be a good choice if you're looking for an incredibly sessionable stout in Ontario."
"d-not bad...I will drink the other one I have."
"It seems like Hockley Valley sacrificed the taste and feel of this stout that nailed the appearance and smell to make it incredibly easy to put down. I look at Hockley Valley as a mediocre brewery, and this is far from their best offering. I'll take a Guinness over this."
"D: It seemed a lot more watery then the last time I had this one but it has a better feel and taste then other dry stouts (Guinness). Don't pursue this one if you're looking for bold flavors but it's still not too bad. Also it has a 4.2 Abv not 4.6"
"D - High. Nice low ABV but really nice flavours to keep a night going."
"Pours a dark brown with thin tan head. Head dissipates with a little bit of lacing. Has a very nutty smell, with some mild coffee and chocolate roast. Taste has mild bitterness. Body is a bit thin. I used to enjoy this stout a lot more. I don't know if my tastes have changed with trying more beers or if the beer has. Still a nice enough stout for Ontario."
"The only issue I would have with this nice coffee hinted stout would be a better head formation and retention. Dare I say, larger cans with a nitro ball? I would be glad to have this on a regular basis and I hope the Newfoundland Liquor Board keeps bringing this beer in."
"Overall, an okay stout. Low ABV and goes down easy, could throw a few back no problem."
"Per the label ""pours like liquid midnight."" Midnight must be darker down here, because the pour was more dark-brown than black. Minimal head on hard pour. Even for a style that is not assertive and focuses on being easy to drink, this fell on the timid side of the scale. A tad watery and sour, with pleasant but insufficient roasted malt flavor."
"I was impressed by this stout as it was full bodied with good roasty bitterness yet smooth on the finish. Add to it a low ABV and put it in a can and I think it hit the mark. I enjoyed the chocolate nose coupled with burnt malt and found the midbody well balanced. Too bad its not available in BC."
"A passable local stout, probably one of the better locals available on regular LCBO rotation. Still, there's a few serious flaws with it - the metallic after taste and the thinness - that need addressing."
"Edit: Perhaps slightly better in the can, carbonation seems more in check though perhaps still slightly on the heavy side. Less smoke, comes through a little more as roast. More bland than wrong in this format. Nothing to get excited about."
"D: Nah, not worth seeking out."
"Initially pours a jet black body with a generous tan head; however, both the head and lacing quickly subside as the beer warms. Results in a boring, black coffee look about midway through. Smell & Taste: roasted and chocolate malts, a little bit of coffee, dried grains, and almonds. Lightly charred aftertaste. Very flavourful, I was pleasantly surprised. Mouthfeel: smooth and light-bodied, a bit on the watery side. Finish is only somewhat dry. Overall: a tasty stout and above average for the style, but the brewer could improve the head retention, lacing, and mouthfeel for a truly impressive beer. Worth a try."
"A good beer overall. I like it!"
"I like this beer - the up-front creaminess for the dry, low-alcohol session beer standard is very enjoyable."
"Fairly light bodied with low carbonation. It's easy to throw back, but it feels a little thin. A little more body would be nice."
"Swing top bottle from the LCBO- Pours deep , deep brown, almost black, with some transparency. The head is frothy, beige, and keep for a while. The aromas are mild roasted coffee beans, charred wood, vanilla, nice malt and hops as well. Tastes of roasted malts, some dark chocolate, vanilla extract, coffee beans. FInishes creamy, and just a touch waterier than I prefer. Good beer from this brewer."
"Nicely done and a very solid drinkable Irish stout, without really wowing in any one department."
"Not bad - I'd probably get it again for something different, though it's not my favorite stout."
"Aroma of coffee and chocolate, neither is overly strong. Taste has a lot of coffee and some chocolate malt. Detected some nuttiness as well. Not much sweetness, keeping to the dry stout characteristics. Kind of a thin mouthfeel, not really watered-down, just lightered than expected. Overall this is a good beer, and I would get it again (if I could). Thanks bobsy!"
"Thin bodied and it's almost watery and...wet. Yeah. Wet. It's drinkable enough but probably not something I'd reach for too often if I was in the mood for a stout."
"My biggest complaints are the thin mouthfeel and the sweetness is a little too much, but overall this is a good beer, and I'll buy it again"
"Very drinkable, though - part of that may be the low ABV, but it's also just a pleasant, malty, smooth beer to drink down."
"Fairly thin, a little bit creamy, but right on par with an irish stout. More wet then dry however, which should be noted. Coffee flavors are elicited, and oats are present as well which alter this beer from its a style in a different way. Some slight maple syrup sweetness, which is something I find characteristic of many Canadian beers. This is an interesting beer. A thank you goes out to the BA that threw this one in as an extra."
"The aroma was good. Nice coffee notes and some slight chocolate. Flavor was a bit lacking but not a bad beer. I am not sure how ""stout"" it is. The mouthfeel was thin, watery, not what I am looking for in a stout. Overall, a drinkable beer but for some reason, I feel as if all beers made in Canada are pilseners with a little specialty malt. Good for a change if you are in teh Great White North."
"OVERALL: A very good dry stout for sure. The appearance is nothing to write home about, but the rest of the experience is right up there with the best. Very enjoyable, very drinkable, and could easily be a session stout. This would definitely be a staple if I lived in the area."
"Very dark brown with faint chestnut highlights and a reddish hue, a thick rocky tan cap appeared after the pour. Fair head retention with some clumpy lacing. Mild aroma, some dry roast, caramel and toffee, light coffee, and a hint of hops. Light bitterness, a bit of roast, light grassy and herbal character, plus more caramel sweetness. Light to medium bodied and fairly smooth, mild dry astringency from the dark grains. Very low carbonation that made it feel sort of lifeless. Okay overall. The only problem I had with it was the too low carbonation."
"Thanks to NASH for the can!"
"D: This is really really quaffable, a real winner. Thanks, Eric!"
"473mL can purchased from LCBO in Toronto. Initially pours black with a fizzy head and bubbles on the side. Looks like Coke. The head and bubbles fade quickly, leacing a rather flat looking beverage. Nice coffee aroma. Flavour is decent. Starts off with some coffee notes with the malts, though the flavour drops off somewhat midway. The aftertaste is left a bit thin. This beer (on tap) won a blind stout and porter tasting at C'est What a few months ago - which was a bit of a surprise."
"I tried this beer on May 28, 2008 after purchasing from one of my local LCBO outlets. The beer poured a molasses black colour with a light brown head that quicklt disappeared. The aroma was rather weak with some roasted malt hints, and some sour smells. The mouthfeel was thin to medium bodied, with medium carbonation. The flavour was roasted malt with coffee and chocolate tones."
"drinkability: too heavy to be a session beer, but nice."
"Pours like a stout, dark with a relatively large tan head that disappears quickly. There was minimal lacing on the glass. Smell is of chocolate and coffee with some alcoholic undertones. the taste is quite good, each sip is a new experience, some are quite bitter, others have some sweetness to them. This beer is pretty carbonated for a stout, but its not overbearing. Very drinkable. I like it."
"As far as Irish style stouts go this is not a bad one. Certainly worth a try."
"There's nothing offensive about this beer at all, but it's a little bland. I doubt I will pick it up again."
"All in all, a decent offering, but it won't replace the Hockley Dark for me when I visit Ontario."
"Can: Poured a deep black color ale with a small dirty brown foamy head with minimal retention and no lacing. Aroma of black chocolate with light dry bitter coffee notes. Taste is also dominated by some light bitter coffee notes with some nice black chocolate notes. Body is a bit thin for the style with some medium carbonation. This beer was enjoyable and refreshing and well done for the style."
"Overall it's not too bad an effort."
"Easy to drink, a bit watery for my taste, could be improved upon. But certainly easy to drink."
"not a great stout. Not a bad stout. Just a stout. I don't know what to say about this one. It poured an extremely thin head; almost non-existent. the smell didn't excite me in the way a decent stout can. The taste was not bad but I was hoping to be granted a treat. It's a bit to close to bacon water and stale coffee. Even at that it's still better than a crappy rice brewed 'lager'."
"Tastes of roasted malts, coffee and chocolate. A good drinkable stout but it falls short in a few places."
"Pretty decent stout, I wish it had a bit more head and better taste."
"Large one litre swing top bottle poured black, quite dark. Tan one finger head with some lacing ...I thought this looks like a stout alright. A bit flat unfortunately. Smell was of toast, slightly burnt, toffee. Taste had measures of bitterness, roasted malt, not bad at all; hint of chocolate, nice finish and a malty aftertaste. This is by no means a great stout but it is quite drinkable and well received in Ontario where locally brewed stouts are not always easy to find, thanks Hockley Valley."
"like drinking coffee that got cold. Not horrible coffee, but just another thin and dry stout.Fizzy carbonation that helps to generate an acidic undercurrent. Two cups are OK but a litre flip top? Not complex, a passable beer. A bit of roast barley, a dark brown colour and a bubbling transparent amount of head."
"D - Very nice, not very heavy but full flavoured."
"Aroma is dry, plant-like, with a little coffee and tobacco. Restrained, but pleasant and more complex than, say, Guinness. Flavour is excellent -- roasted malts, moderate dry coffee, little bit of chocolate, surprising amount of smokiness. Nice dry finish with some lingering sweetness. For me, this falls somewhat short of my favourites (i.e. Shakespeare Stout) but still one of the best I've had in a long time."
"The mouth feel was extremely thin."
"This is a good stout, but its overpriced at 10 dollars a bottle."
"Grains, some coffee and chocolate, but not as full-bodied, flavourful, and fulsome as you might expect a stout to properly be. An underachiever. Nonetheless, still competently made and worth a try at least."
"Love the bottle. Great for my homebrew. Cost is a bit high."
"My initial impression observing, sniffing and finally tasting this beer was ""wow, this is a great stout", followed one or two sips later with ""this is a good stout"" concluded finally with ""this is good... not great"". Everything is right with it, it just didn't seem to have enough legs under it to fully satisfy."
"D: Very good."
"Pours a very opaque black, red edges, thick off white head forms, disappears eventually, some lacing. Smell is light, some roasty malt, fruits, bit of yeast, chocolate, not too much though. Taste is very light, some fruits, light roasty coffee bitterness in the finish, weak though. Mouthfeel is light to medium bodied with low carbonation, smooth drink. Lacking in aroma and flavour."
"Very smooth and drinkable with more pronounced malts than Guinness. This is a very decent version of the Irish dry stout,,,,not too dry or bitter but very smooth."
