review_text
""
""
""
""
"Overall: A pleasant above average Irish stout. If I were in the mood for an Irish stout I could see myself having a six of this. That said, I will not be in a rush to get it again any time soon."
""
""
"I love big, amped-up stouts with coffee and chocolate notes, but occasionally I just want a straight forward ""black beer"" (as John Wayne calls it in the Quiet Man). The folks at Paper City have managed to produce a perfect example of a simple, yet elegant stout."
"Notes: Dam this is remarkable incredibly smooth and a great mix of flavors. Cheers."
""
"O: A fairly good American stout, but it doesn't match my perception of a dry Irish. The herbal fruitiness and slicker mouthfeel combined with the 5.5% ABV made me feel more like I was drinking a thinner U.S. version of a standard stout. It's not bad, and the bottle may be past-prime (can't make out markings) but I couldn't see what all the fuss was about."
""
"Poured into a pint glass. Poured brown/black in color with a half finger tan head that lingers in glass. Nice amount of carbonation. Oak, slight coffee, almost a hop smell to it. Can' t really put words to the smell. Smooth up front with a little carbonation. Very nice. Not very complex, simple and just good."
""
"D- great drinkability with the tasty flavor you want with a stout. These can be drank very smoothly"
"A fine example of the style. Worth a try."
"Notes: One of the best tasting Irish Dry Stouts I've ever had. I'm glad I live only a few minutes from the brewery and have easy access to this gem."
"As far as stouts go, this one is a very easy drinker and enjoyable as well."
"Drinkable, but not very complex. This can serve as an excellent gateway between Guinness and other stouts."
"Pours pitch black into my pint glass with a three finger creamy light tan head, which ends up retaining at about one finger for a decent amount of time. Pretty thick lacing is left behind by this one. A good looking Irish Stout. Instantly as I smell this one I think of a Guinness. Lots of roasted malts, some chocolate, vanilla, a coffee like smell that could come from a grain of some sort. The smell dies down pretty quickly and I have a hard time picking it up again. Taste is also that of roasted malts, chocolate/mocha and some hops, earthy ones. Part way into the beer the roastyness I enjoyed seems to disappear and allow the hops and sweetness to come through a bit too much. I wish the initial taste stayed there. Mouthfeel is decent for an Irish Dry but still a bit watery to me personally. The carbonation feels appropriate for the body and taste. No warming whatsoever going on here. Drinkability is good, the taste is not bad, the price is good, there are no huge off flavors to take over the beer and ruin it totally, it was certainly worth trying as I enjoy stouts very much but I'm not sure if I will get this one again."
"Pours black with a thin head that fades very quickly to a thin ring. Nicely balanced aromas of a medium roastiness, slightly sweet malt, and some creaminesss and some earthiness. Th flvor is similar, quite balanced between sweet cream and a dry roastinrss as well as a bitter earthiness and a hint of almond-like nuttiness. Very dry, and with a late, tight bitterness. Pretty enjoyable stuff from a brewery that is new to me."
"The taste pretty well follows the aroma. There are deep roasted dark grains, chocolate, and mocha coffee. The beer is very creamy, very smooth, there isn't any bite or charred flavors, the beer is a touch sweet, but has nice drying qualities. The beer is medium bodied, maybe a touch watery. There is some drying notes in the finish, and there is a distinct coffee mocha flavor in the aftertaste. There maybe a slightly nutty quality to the beer, but the coffee flavors are the most striking. I'm not a big coffee guy, but this beer is good, so that is saying something right there. The chocolate notes are a touch powdery, bittering, not sweet at all, and really just deep dark cocoa. This is a nice creamy beer that has a lot going for it. L'Chaim."
"Overall: Good drinkability, a little too much carbonation. Really good roasted flavors with sweet chocolate to balance it out."
"Overall: Good brew, but its just not very exciting. I would buy it again."
"Quite dark; not much of a head; what was there was airy and bubbly. Lightly roasted aroma with some vanilla and apricots, and even a little bubble gum. More roastiness in the taste, but it was swept aside by the hops which came on a bit stronger than I expected. Rather thin in the body, but that's what made this pleasant to drink on a nearly-spring day in New England: not too thick but still heavy enough for a chilly afternoon winter. Pleasant enough when you're seeking a lighter stout."
"Pours a deep mahogany color with a tannish head and lots of lacing. Aroma is very roasty smelling.. nice touch to it. Taste it of roasted nuts, very malty but smooth. Nice mouthfeel and body to it and finishes dry. I haven't had much from this style but I find it smoother than Guinness. While it isn't spectacular, its by the best in their mixed 12 pack (other 3 are below average for sure) and was glad I saved this one for last. Give it a try if you're into Irish stouts."
"Picked up a single from Party Source in Syracuse. This is a good, rippingly dry Irish stout. It makes a touch in complexity, but the almost sour black roasted malts are big and bad (delicious). The appearance is pitch black with a tan head. I could drink more of these. Comes off very traditional - in the best way. A little heavier than the true Irish stout (Beamish, etc), but hardly less sessionable."
"Pours a dark cola brown with a two finger light tan colored head that sticks around for a bit. A decent amount of lacing holds strong to the sides of the glass. Smell consists of dark roasted malts, toasted grains, and coffee grinds. Light cocoa powder, a bit of caramel malt, and some earth in the nose as well. Taste begins with some ashy wood, chocolate malt, and roasted nuts. Midway a vanilla flavor emerges with a dirty hop flavor. Aftertaste is pretty dry with smoke and caramel on the tongue. Medium body with a slick and creamy feel, very fitting for the style. The fairly low abv and smooth feel make this an easy drinking brew for sure. I like this one over their Mother's Milk, very solid Irish Dry Stout."
"This is a crisp brew, quite creamy and is easy drinking. One of the better local brews as well as one of the best Irish stouts I've had. Worth a try."
"Great appearance. Dark black look with some nice, thin lacing. The smell is pretty sharp and rich. Good amounts of malt, chocolate, coffee all of which is nicely roasted. The taste has some of those sharp flavors, but there is a good, dry sense of hops included as well. Crisp mouthfeel allows for a full bodied drink that definitely fills you up for St. Patrick's Day. Overall, one of Massachusetts' finest."
"Overall a sessionable brew with good attributes."
"Thanks again, John - I liked this one!"
"The beer pours a deep, dark black color with a thick frothy tan head that slowly fades to lacing. The aroma is good. It has a dry, roasted malt scent as well as a coffee-like patent malt aroma. There is a bit of chocolate malt that adds just enough malt sweetness. The taste is good also. It has a very dry, roasted malt flavor. It's got an earthy black malt feel; very nice. The mouthfeel is fine. It is a full bodied beer with adequate carbonation. This is probably the best beer I've ever had from these guys. It looks, smells, and tastes great; a fine stout."
"Poured into standard pint glass. A nice very dark brown, but not quick black, opaque color. Head was about 1 finger, reddish brown, that disappeared quickly after pouring and before drinking. Aroma was slightly sweet, not sickeningly so, but had touches of coffee, and maybe caramel? Tasted the same. Not at all bitter, very easy to drink. Tasted slightly better warm than cooled. A nice solid stout."
"Notes: Top notch irish dry stout. Exceeds Guinness extra stout by far. A perfectly blended stout that prides itself on many characters, and drinkability. Well done."
"Wow, what a damn nice stout. Silky smooth with a load of classic stout flavors. I really wasn't expecting anything this nice from Paper City."
"Drinkability & Notes – Hopefully I just got a bad bottle, maybe I can find a fresher sample."
"Pretty thin, pretty simple, somewhat disappointing. But this would definitely be a quaff-able brew, which I think is the goal for ""traditional irish stout""."
"Creamy body and medium carbonation makes this one quite drinkable. Finishes dry and crisp. Very nice dry stout from Paper City. This could definately be a session beer for me."
"Pours a dark brown almost black color with a smallish head that quickly evaporates. No lace on my glass as it was going down. Smells of coffee, chocolate, malt, and a something sweet filled my nose. Tastes of coffee, chocolate and smoke. Left a dry taste in my mouth--Overall drinkability is good, sucked this guy down and could have a few more."
"Still, I've had better Irish stouts. But this one was good for the money ($5.99 at Town & County in W. Springfield)."
"Tar black body with a huge (three fingers) of dense, light cocoa brown head. Nice lacing. Smells of baking chocolate, rich, sweetish malts, with plenty of bitter roastedness. Taste starts off with a dry, sharp, roasted bitterness. Almost has a metallic edge to it. Lightly sweet, dark chocolate malt finds its way in mid-palate. Bitterness remains and takes us into a rich, chocolatey, bittersweeet finish. Not bad. Medium bodied plus, with a dry, creamy feel. Not my favorite style, but a good representative of it."
"Looking at others' reviews, I could recognize vanilla, lime seltzer, scent of chocolate, a lot of the trademark dryness, and I think I can see ginger--plus the fairly excellent drinkability."
"Nice drinkability. A good example of the style, but not too strong."
"Drinkability: I have in my notes, ""I could drink a lot of these"". It wasn't a big stout but a very drinkable one. Not very complex but a very good representation of the style. Definitely worth it to sample once."
"Such a promising beer. It looks fantastic with it's thick brown head atop a body of pure black. The deep chocolate aroma is even better, and there's a slight whiff of alcohol. Something goes awry between this point and the taste. It maintains a certain level of chocolate character with a little vanilla flavor as well, but a tartness follows in the aftertaste that is unpleasing. There is also a watery consistency, which is probably the first thing that I would change about this beer."
"Sorry to be the party wrecker but this is not my bag."
"Wow, this is great. Dark, dark brown color with a light brown thick lumpy head that sinks quickly, but leaves big sheets and fingers of oily lace around the top of the glass. Smell is malty and smokey, with some fig and cocoa. Flavor is round and smooth, a bit chalky, with a roasted malt and cocoa flavor. Very creamy, with a bitter coffee finish, some raisin, and hops burps. A tiny bit of a tannic and citrusy pucker and a bitter mocha flavor in the lingering aftertaste. Really good beer."
"but didn’t deliver as I expected. It’s flavor was light and fleeting, finish was fast, mouthfeel was pleasant, but flavor diminished with a watery note, which left me wondering where the rest of the stout was."
"Flavor is powerful, which is a nice change. Heavy roastiness, with bittersweet chocolate and coffee flavors. A touch of estery currant esters. Body feels a bit more than your average stout. My only complaint is that the carbonation was too much and I feel like it killed some of the beer's subtleties. Solid dry finish, with a perceptable hoppiness. Altogether, I was really impressed. Great stuff. One of Paper City's better brews."
"I'm not a real fan of stouts, but with more like this offering, I could be won over. This is a local beer for me and believe it or not, I got a six for under 5 bucks...what a great deal. Beautiful almost black color with a creamy head with various size bubbles. Nice hop aroma. Taste a nice subtle coffee and chocolate. Mouthfeel was smooth, with a slight hoppy aftertaste that was excellent. Very easy to drink...it's verrrry smooth. Highly recommend."
"This is one drinkable Irish Stout! Pitch black with a foamy/frothy lasting head. Trails of sliding and some sticky lace. Smoke, floral hop and malty aroma. The full rich body is reminiscent of an oatmeal stout, but this is a bit dryer. Sweet molasses and burnt caramel hints of crème brulee. Fairly high in citrus and tea-like bitterness and somewhat noticeable alcohol and ever so slightly astringent."
"This stout poured an opaque black color with creamy, light brown foam that adhered to the sides of the glass. The smell contained some yeast, oatmeal, sweet malt, and hints of hops initially, but as the beer warmed a bit, notes of coffee and chocolate also came through. The taste had dark, roasted malt flavors, notes of chocolate and coffee, and some sweetness (oatmeal?), though this was not a ""sweet"" stout. The mouthfeel was smooth and creamy with a touch of astringency in the finish. The body was medium. This was a nicely drinkable stout."
"Excellent stout. Poured a nice dark color, with great choco bubbles. Had a great roasted coffee taste. Creamy, which is a quality I look for in a stout. Smooth tasting, I took large gulps, drinking this beer like water. Six pack next time, a single bottle is just a tease."
"This beer tasted more along the lines of a porter than a real hearty stout. This beer had practically no head, which sort of bothered me, but the taste was awesome. One of the smoothest beers I have ever drank. Even people who don't normally like stouts will enjoy this beer. Goes great with dinner, and what a great name for a beer, Hell yea Holyoke"
"A very nice dry stout, one of the best I've had, and like so many U.S. micro brewed Irish dry stouts, this stuff puts Guinness to shame. I'd love to taste this from a nitro tap."
"I’d pick this over Guinness or other similar American brewed dry stouts. A pleasure running into this one in the Boston area."
"The beer pours a nice deep black, or brown depending on your eyesight with a smallish in size head that is semi-creamy in texture and the color a light chocolate color and the lace left behind a thin curtain to drape the glass. Nice roasted grain and coffee nose, hints of caramel. Malt sweet at the front, top is thick-bodied, the finish has a meaningful hop spicy bite, the carbonation is leniently acidic, the aftertaste malt dry and long lasting, quite a good stout actually, one well worth the dry for stout lovers."
"""M" had been raving about this since she had it on-tap a few weeks back. Got a bottle at lunch the other day and shared it - good chocolate tastes. But the same taste just didn't carry over to the bottle. Stick with the draught if you can get it - far superior."
"Riley's Stout is named after the first settling family in Holyoke, MA."
