review_text
""
""
""
""
""
"O - Overall, It was very average for a malt liquor of this strenght. I'd have again if with I were with my friend's ( remember, I am in fact only 23 so I go to quite a bit of college parties ) No true complains. It's $1.19 for a 24 ouncer. No it isn't a craft beer, But if I'm heading up to EMU, WMU, MSU or U of M anytime soon you're damn right I'll be picking some of these up"
""
""
"Big thanks goes out to MBrausen for sending me this one to tick! Thanks buddy! Served from bottle into a Duvel Kishimoto tulip (class it up!). Poured a golden pale yellow with a one finger white head that subsided to half a finger slowly. Maintained excellent lacing throughout the glass. The aroma was comprised of sweet malt, corn, sugar, prune juice, and despair. The flavor was of sweet malt, fruit, sugar, prune juice, corn, grain, alcohol, and crushed palate. It had a light feel on the palate with high carbonation. Overall this was definitely a terrible brew. Who in the Hell thought this would be a good idea to brew? There is a lot going on in this one and I have to be honest that I am not a fan of ANY of it. I could see this being cool as a novelty beer, but why the Hell would you put it in a 40 oz bottle? Come on guys… I could see being forced to sip on this one as an alternative to water-boarding. I would only ever get this one again to set at the back of my fridge and unleash its fury on an unsuspecting victim. If this is YOU reading this, avoid at all costs. If this is for a funny joke, definitely buy it and have the camera ready upon the first sip. You will thank me either way."
""
""
"Overall - I wouldn't drink this twice.. but it's not the worst thing I've ever had."
"I don’t give a Schlitz for this. Evil Eye simply means, “Looks are deceiving”."
"Despite a slightly sweet texture this beer is a kick in the mouth. It's what you can expect from any malt liquor with a 10.0% or greater ABV. By that I mean it's cringe-worthy. Something among sour grapes and water gathered from a mason jar that once held a pig-fetus. Personally, I don't find it too attractive. I used to settle for it in high school but my old buddies and I would spend the whole time talking about how nasty the stuff was. If you're desperate for a good buzz, however, it can get you there. Not exactly what I'd call worth it though."
""
""
""
"For some, i'd imagine it gets the job done. For any self-respecting individual, no. Maybe not the worst out there, but it's blindly scraping at the bottom of the barrel. Only for the masochistic."
""
"I should have waited a day. This is a perfect beer to open on 9-11."
"O - It's a malt liquor, and it's not good. Don't drink this. Don't ever do one of these tastings either."
"D - I'm actually hugely disappointed, as this was largely average (for the style). Perhaps it was the year of ""cellaring"" before I could finally get the tasting off the ground, but this didn't live up to the hype as being the worst beer on BA. I would drink this over Indian Wells any day of the week."
"Just slam this as fast as you can once you get the feel for it. That's the only utility it has in the world."
"Poured a dull orange straw color with no head and no lace. A decenr amount of of caronation coming up from the bottom. Smell was light grain and cornwith a touh of alcohol, not impressed, but was I expecting to be. Taste was rather bland as well, just a grainey malty cheap mess. Overall cmon man what do you expext. This was prety mch a forty, funny."
"D- This beer is horrible. Well I don't think horrible is the right word to describe it. This is a terrible first beer of the night and for the tasting. The ABV is off putting making this beer a harder one to drink but the alcohol flavor isn't as big as I thought it would be. Still never want to try this beer at all ever again."
"I'm scared to evil eye and maybe to scared to ever trust a homeless buy again."
"(super cheap beer should have there own rating system)"
"Not exactly what I would call drinkable. Hi Test bad home brew from a can. Try this once maybe."
"Cheers!"
"Pale yellow with a dingy off white head of foam. The smell is creamed corn, green apple and fusel alcohol. The flavor is green apple skin and cheap vodka with plenty of sweet corn to get the ABV potent, the alcohol is hot in the finish. This stuff is pretty rank, the worst tasting malt liquor I've had in a while for sure."
"Sour green apples in the aroma, evil malt a'lurking. Same sour mash apple cider in the quaff - a real funky monkey. Thin bodied, more malt liquor than beer. Cripe, is this a vile concoction, my stomach is turning into knots. Finishing this will be a challenge, but I'm up for it!"
"D - Eh, it's ok but a poor example of a malt liquor. Far too sweet and fruity tasting to imbibe all evening, or even an entire 24 oz can. A unique example of the style, but a few sips is more than enough."
"I am not sure how this gets Fs from folks but it definitely is 'not impressive'."
"Tasted on Nov 11, 2007. 24oz. can. I am sort of afraid to even try this one. The pour doesn't look too bad. Medium golden with a average head. Can't knock it down on appearance. Now for the aroma. Ummm. I think things are heading south a little. Odd aroma of rotting fruit and jet fuel. Touches of bananna (which I kind of like). I have smelled worse so I can't destroy it on aroma. Time to take a sip. Ok. Lets talk about this for a second. I have had worse. Actually I have had alot worse than this. There is a big boozy bananna flavor which isn't half bad. Plus it is strong. Trust me. I am not going to drink the whole can because I have to go to work tonight. But if I didn't have to work I just might polish it off."
"Purchased from the Ice Box Convenient store in Steubenville, Ohio. Alongside many other malt liquors the green evil eyes stood out to me. Underneath Evil Eye on the label it states in spanish ojo malo. High gravity lager with no abv listed on the can only other info listed is brewed by Melanie Brewing in Cincinatti, OH along with the government warning. Appears a pale clear carbonated apple juice hue with a large bright white head that has large pea sized bubbles of carbonation and dwindles quick as hell. By the way it was a 1.99, that's a little steep for a 24 oz can of any malt liquor. I'd figure even at 10 percent abv we at least see a forty offering, which I've seen in the Burgh before. The smell is comprised of sweet alcoholic creamed corn with some green apple phenols added to the party. Flavor is ungodly such a gag inducing horribly made beer I may not be able to put it into words. First off cloyingly sweet creamed corn with burning alcohol in the throat is enough to make one gag, through in the tart apple with heavy carbonation and my stomach is a turning. You actually develop a headache while drinking this beer, this should be illegal, it sucks to feel like a prohibitionist. Mouthfeel is cloying with harsh carbonation and sticky residual sugars, what a rough ride. Drinkability is god awful no more about the evil eye please. It's nice to have fun at the the expense of this beer's shite factor."
"This is hands down the worst beer I have ever drank. Wayyy to much alcohol makes the palate feel as if it's been a prisoner of war for 40 years. This one kid gave me a 40 of this and since it's 10% abv it definitely fucked me up, but I felt like ass all day the next day."
"The drinklability between the taste/smell/ and abv is simply awful, if i can drink crown royal straight but had to pour this after 1/3 can that tells you something. Absolutley horrid save your money and get a pbr or something else instead if you want crap beer, at least pbr isnt offensive filth."
"I like the idea of malt liquor in a can. It is a smaller ration and you can't see what's inside. This one has an especially cool design as well. That unfortunatle was the last of the good. A yellow color with a weak white head. Nose and taste are of bitter grains and alcohol. The body is light and fizzy. Not a fan."
"Drinkability: No thanks. As for the Melanie Brewing Co., I will say they have enough testicles to keep churning out an endless array of malt liquors."
"Pay heed all who imbibe this Devil's Brew..."
"D: Not at all tasty, I had a hard time drinking the can that I had, not very filling which is about the only good thing I can say about it. Even if you’re a fan of malt liquors, which I’m not, I would not recommend this one."
"Back when I used to live in Missouri we had poor beer selection. I used to drink nothing but hard liquor and cheap beer. I didn't get into 40's just because there really weren't too many of them around either. To re-live the old days, I bought this cheapo beer to give it a try with my slightly more developed tastes. It is drinkable but doesn't taste much like beer to me. It's almost like a white wine with more body. If you want a cheap buzz it's not too bad when cold."
"There are two things that I like about this ""beer."" The first is that it had a surprisingly decent appearance with lots of active bubbles and some very good retention. The other is that nowhere on the can these guys make any claim that there are any ""quality ingredients"" or ""purest hops"" like some of these breweries try to fool the uninformed drinker with. They lay it out there, that this beer sucks but it has a lot of alcohol. That's exactly what you get here and very sweet beer with an unpleasant aftertaste, heavy in carbonation hardly appealing."
"Pours orangey/gold with a tiny bubbled, frothy white cap. Some lace left after the head dies. Fusel aromas, corn and grain, lots of adjunct, and some veggie/ogange peel, but I have experienced worse. Pretty boozed up fusels are all over this puppy, corn, vegetal ,and citric acid flavours. Harsh and oily finish. Better than predicted, but not good. Thanks Chris!"
"Wow! Talk about a nasty beer! I saw the can, so I just had to have it, as I like to try different malt liquors. This one tasted a lot like MD 20/20's White Grape, but with less alcohol taste. The alcohol was actually fairly subtle for how much was in it. I guess if you are looking to drink a nasty brew, but get a quick buzz, this one should be your choice. If you like malt liquors that actually taste good, then stay away."
"Saw this sitting in the cooler while making a Friday Night beer run. Took one look at the 2 sinister looking disembodied eyes staring out at me and thought, ""I GOTTA review this!!"" Pours from the 24 oz. can into a plastic 16 oz. cup (why waste a glass on this?) a typical urine yellow with a large, pillowy head that settled into a small collar & stuck to the sides of the cup. Surprisingly low carbonation, I expected a lot more fizziness. Smell is sugary sweet. Taste matches the aroma, i'm sure they jacked the abv up to 10% by dumping loads of syrup into this stuff. It's not as bad as I expected, but still WAY too candy sweet. Mouthfeel is the usual lager wateriness. For the record, I bought this at the beginning of a run to pick up some takeout food, so it was in an un-air conditioned vehicle for about 30 minutes before sampling. It would probably be better ice cold, but not by much. At $1.49 for a 24 oz can this stuff will be a hit with broke-ass frat boys looking to get laid and homeless guys panhandling for change. If you're looking for a tasty, high quality beer to sip & savor, buy something else. If you want a quick cheap buzz, chug one ot these ice cold."
"""Gettin' drunk off a Evil Eye 40? Slam dunk!"""
"Drinkable? No, not all. It is the antithesis of drinkable. Terrible. Maybe the worse (non-chili beer) beer I have had. I am shocked at how god awful it is. I purchased my 24-ounce can for $1.50. Never again. It was torture."
"The taste was like a sweet and sour Bud. The only use for this beer is either to play a joke on a knowledgable beer buddy or to drink after a root canal when you cant taste anyway."
"Now I will have to work an extra 43 seconds tomorrow to earn my $1.09 I spent on this punto!"
"This beer poured the standard pale yellow color with a large head that went away rather quickly. The aroma is of corn, rotting vegetables and alcohol. The taste of this beer is a mixture of strong alcohol and sweetness that is very unappealing. Why did I waste $1.19 on this stuff? It ended up going down the drain after 3 or 4 swallows. Consequently, I think this beer belongs in the Malt Liquor category due to it's strength and it's intended consumer. The artwork on the can is clearly reaching out to people who drink beer out of a paper bag."
"24 ounce master cylinder. $1.99 at Peace Street Market."
"This beer has awful written all over it. However, there is a little piece of me that keeps me coming back. That is the fact that this beer is so strong(10%abv) and one hardly notices that. Keep drinking this baby because you literally get your best bang for your buck. This is an all corn, high alcohol, low-hopped, yellow beer. Take it for what it is worth."
"The only good thing about this beer was the appearance and goes straight down hill from here. It poured a pale yellow color with a nice head of foam on it. A slight sweet corn smell with a strong alcohol background. I didn't know a smell could burn my nose until I got a whiff of this stuff. The taste was that of cough syrup. So, if you have a bad cold, drink this stuff and go to sleep. The only mouthfeel is strong alcohol. I didn't expect much from a cheap beer. If your in the mood for a cheap alternative to cough syrup and looking to get drunk, then by all means drink this swill!"
"Not a particularly good beer. Pours a medium straw color with medium carbonation. Fair head retention and legs. Aromas of Fruity Pebbles and cream corn all rolled in together. Flavor is only slightly better. High concentrations of corn sugar to acheive the 10% alcohol. Also has other cereal grains. Mild sweetness is covered by big vegetable, grain, and fusal alcohol flavors. Not particularly complex or balanced. An oxidized hop aroma (similar to skunkiness) also comes through in the flavor. Body is nearly syrupy and slick. Aftertaste is alcoholic and heated."
"Thanks for bring the cool looking can (not the beer) back from your trip to Wisconsin."
"This just came out in 40 oz. bottles down here, so last night I took ""The Ride"" (my nickname for drinking Evil Eye). Still the dark gold color with minimal head as the can was. Smell is as skunky and as sickly sweet and adjuncty as the canned version. Taste is absolutely aweful. Makes my skin crawl after each sip, just too much corny sweetness and skunky off flavors. Yuck. This is like an oddity of a beer. Something so vile and nasty that it's almost like running the gauntlet. If you survive, you probably won't want to drink this again."
"Third-world third-class gutter swill. Good crack, nice appearance; that's where the positives on this one run short. Fusel-alcohol smells are apparent as soon as you open this shit. Smells like CHEAP. Its pretty poundable, though very, very bad tasting. I would wager that 0.1% or less of the population could actually finish a 40 of this shit. I got through half, I'm not ashamed to say. I was enjoying the strange buzz it provided, but my stomach was not feeling this one at all. If the brewmaster of ""Melanie Brewing"" was here right now i'd whack him across the eyes with a bo staff."
"This beer pours a golden brown and forms about two fingers worth of head. It smells kind of vinegarish.. hard to nail down what it smells like, other than bad. The taste is worse than the smell, believe it or not.. I really don't know how to describe it.. kind of like rancid pickles possibly? I tried to determine the mouthfeel, but leaving it in my mouth for extended periods made me want to gag.. Kinda reminds me of transmission fluid.. I really don't think this beer is very drinkable.. unless maybe if you could shotgun it or something.."
"This stuff is a tonsillectomy looking for a place to happen... or a do it yourself home lobotomy kit."
