review_text
""
""
""
""
"RJT"
"Uh...drink it cold. It obviously is created to get you crunk, cause it is a cinch to slam and not savor. Which, in a strange way...makes it...kind of drinkable? Whoa. I think I am gonna have my beer geekdom revoked."
"I got a finger's worth of bone-white head out of my pour with low retention, settling into wisps. Color was a light, lemony-yellow with NE-quality clarity. Nose had the same fusel alcohol/bubblegum quality that has been noted in many like beers. Let us call it like it is - this is cheap, mass-produced swill intended for an audience whose sole purpose in drinking this is not for enjoyment, but instead to get as banged up as cheaply and as quickly as possible. Mouthfeel was very thin with a raspberry-candy like taste on the tongue. THAT was totally unexpected and nearly caused me to gag. OK. I just made a deal with myself - I will drink half of the CAN to give it a fair shake, but the rest of it goes. In fact, I am doing a drainpour right now of everything NOT in my glass at the moment so that I will not even be tempted to finish it. Finish was breathtaking and not in any good way. My chest hurts, I CAN feel the sugar leeching the water out of my brain on my way to a world-class hangover, and my asthma is kicking. Oof. Shame on whomever made this for public sale!"
"Conclusion- It might be fun to show off at a party or if you are feeling the need for a quick drunk. Undoubtedly this stuff will cause a nasty hangover in quantity. Open can of this only in case of emergency!!"
"Poured from a 24 oz. can. Has a golden color with a 1/2 inch head. Smell is mild, a bit malty. Taste is yuck. Nothing but alcohol, I would have been better served pouring this into a shot glass. Feels light and yucky in the mouth. I really struggled to finish this can. Overall a poor excuse for a beer."
"If you want to get messed up drink two of these... otherwise steer clear of this malt liquor."
"Pale golden with a small pure white head that quickly shrinks away. The smell is very solvent like grain alcohol with a sweet caramelized onion smell. This shit is just bad, metallic and way to hot with a sweet vegetal note that makes it unpalatable. This is the worst malt liquor I've ever had, a drain pour."
"Pretty dry finish and candy alcohol in the finish as well. Overall, sweet and alcoholic. If I was REALLY desperate, I may have this. By all means, spend your money elsewhere."
"Pours a very clear corn husk yellow, with a one-finger white head that sticks around a fair amount, given the alcohol content. Fruity esters, sweet, dominate the nose. Perhaps it's low expectations, but the taste wasn't that bad. Clean and not as buttery as I am used to in my malt liquor travels, but fruity in flavor and slightly buttery in texture, and a very mild carbonation. Body is heavy with sweetness, but not quite cloying. One of the better malt liquors I've had, but not something I want to encounter ever again in my life. Once is more than enough."
"Well, it's a struggle to know where to begin. Gotta love a can that tags itself. Pours like a beer syrup, with little head that looks ""infected"" (little deposits of bubbles at nucleation sites). Aroma of corn and cider. Hops like they ran past the mashtun with a hop cone at some point in the process. Medicinal and alcoholic. Taste is just as bad. Somehow I think of Duvel: what that is, this is the opposite. No sublety or grace or balance, but oddly enough, no worse to drink than the PBR I had last night: there's something compelling about the big bruising flavor, like a big, dumb drunk that you enjoy listening to at the bar only because he's not picking on you and you're sure he's bound to pass out soon."
"Drinkability: I finished the 2-4 of 4-0 quite easily once I got past the first 8 oz. of it. The beer's feel mellowed out once exposed to air. The price wasn't right ($1.55 plus tax) but that notwithstanding this is an adequate malt liquor for, well, Atlantic City."
"40 ounces can courtesy of Unclemattie: Poured a golden color beer with a nice pure white foamy head with good retention and some lacing surprisingly. Aroma of fruity ester with some alcoholic phenols. Taste is not as bad as expected with some subtle adjunct and some fruit ester. The alcohol is really noticeable and I guess can be expected from a 10% malt liquor. Medium body with some good carbonation. This was definitely not as bad as expected but not something I would go for again thought."
"Drinkability: Ugh, I really disliked it. That's just the way I roll, baby."
"Poured from a 24oz can a crystal clear straw colour with a big pillowy white head. Looked halfway decent, but that's where it stopped. Smell is huge corn adjunct (you're stunned, I know) and that's about it. Taste is huge corn adjunct, as well, with a pretty big metallic element in the taste. Mouthfeel greatly lacks carbonation and is rather bland and lifeless. Neither this beer nor this style are for me, but I figured I'd give it a go. The only good thing I have to say about this is that it does a fantastic job of concealing the 10,0%abv."
"My search for decent cheapos continues. Definitely not a winner here. This it just cheap crap period. End of story."
"Four O with a classic label on this clear forty ounce bottle with cop cars lights flashing of course and the slogan ""Street Legal""...wow. Appears like apple juice golden tone with a large white heavily carbonated quickly dwindling head leaves some lacing around my glass. Aroma is heavy on cooked veggie scent with some tart apple phenols approaching the ol' schnause alcohol is noticeable comes off sweet overall with no hop aromatics sorry folks. Taste is cloying sweetness flaked corn and rice presence is off setting some fruity tones after fermenting it out to 10% abv damn it's rough though. Mouthfeel is syrupy as it warms I'm not enjoying this stuff body is medium to light. Drinkability a novelty beer enjoy it while your in college I did."
"[I don't recommend drinking most of the can while reviewing though, because my brain is in neutral and my fingers are so numb that I'm having a hard time feeling the keys.]"
"Overall, not the best, but not the worst. In fact, it's kind of the poster child for what people think malt liquor tastes like. There are better examples of the style out there, now go find them!"
