review_text
""
""
""
"Worst Malt Liqour i've ever tasted and i drink alot of malt liqours. Not very fizzy and the taste is reminiscent of pure failure. I keep re-trying to buy this and give it more chances and have only been able to finish it once. Not recommended. Better to pound 2 40 oz Colt 45's than this."
""
"Overall: More interesting than many of the mainstream malt liquors out there, but not nearly as refined. Sloppily hot with alcohol, yet there's still some charm to it."
""
"There are better, smoother, malt liquors out there."
"O: This was really impressive and I'm hoping to find it again some day. A year and some change must have done it a world of good, looking at these other reviews, because this isn't bad at all, I'd say."
""
" The real surprise was the taste. It wasn't the rocket fuel, sour apple concoction that I expected it to be, not at all. Rather, I would have to compare it to a sort of microbrew, as it leaves a pleasant aftertaste on the palate. It was frosty cold, which likely helped out in the flavor department, but even as it warmed, the swill was thoroughly enjoyable. The price was absolutely unbeatable, at just over a dollar for 24 ounces. A great value, and a pretty darn tasty brew. I would give Axe Head an honest recommendation, especially for those on a budget who want a nice drinking experience."
"O= This is a typical malt liquor. Union made as the label says so I'm guessing secretly the quality is even shittier than normal. Lets get black out drunk."
"Gee thanks T for this one. And we still get to work through another bottle."
"Wouldn't expect anything less from Minhas..."
"M. Kind of soda-like at first but the carbonation goes flat in record time for some unknown reason. Medium body, but the level of boozey hotness strips all the moisture out of my mouth. There's boozey, and than there's this monstrosity."
"Now, I can't wait to crack open the 40oz!!!"
"Pours yellow in color with a short lived white head. An impressively sweet aroma of corn and grains. Definitely quite a bit of booze on the nose as well. Impressive... The flavor is also intensely sweet, far too much for my liking. Boozy and appley, too. On the fuller side for a malt liquor with high carbonation."
"Overall: This lacks the finesse of something like, say, Evil Eye Ice."
"This beer is like Four Loko on steroids. It should be avoided at all costs. It is very, very pungent with a chalky aftertaste. Each swig is like a punch in the face. It's semi-foamy, but it dissipates quickly upon drinking it. I didn't pour it into a glass, because I used it for a drinking game, but from seeing it in the can, it appeared to be a very light, transparent yellow color. It feels heavy on the palate."
"Designed to get you drunk for cheap; but with the amount of sugar (big hangover potential) and poor quality taste, you can get better malt liquors for an extra $1."
"A very industrial (not 'industrious') tasting beer. Paint thinner with a week's worth of office kitchen sugar or sugar substitute dumped in. I'm only drinking a pawn's worth of this pants-less King's serving, and that's hard enough as it is."
"The Crack & Glug reminded me of one of the real flaws in these Tallboy CANs - the opening sits well back from the lip and spilling CAN be a frequent CANcern. Fortunately, I have perfected my art. Holy Plastics Factory, Batman! The nose smelled like something totally unnatural and I had not even leaned in for a whiff. I am already developing a headache. I had two fingers' worth of rocky, bone-white head that fell faster than Wile E. Coyote going off a cliff. The nose was really fusel, like paint thinner accompanied by a Bazooka bubble gum-like sweetness. How do they accomplish this? Color was a really beautiful deep-golden yellow with NE-quality clarity. I feel like I should say at least one nice thing about this beer since I have a feeling as to where it is headed. Mouthfeel was medium with a lot of initial alcohol heat on the tongue, giving 'way to a green apple and pink bubble gum flavor. Oof. Finish was literally breathtaking. I felt like the air had been sucked out of my lungs. Brutal. I CANnot recommend this for even the hardcore types that swill this style in the alley behind my house."
"Saw a 40 of this evil liquid for only $1.99, how could I pass it up?! I obviously didn't pour it into a glass but drank it out of the bottle out of a brown paper bag as is the custom. Tasted like shit and alcohol teamed up to punch your face every sip. At 11% this was expected I guess. Certainly got the job done, best bargain in the liquor store!"
"Clear dark yellow orange color, white foam that fades fast, doesn't last long enough to qualify as head. The smell is metallic and alcohol, no other discrenable aroma. The taste is the same as the smell, with some sweet vegetable residue. Average body and mouthfeel (I guess), couldn't finish one glass, let alone the whole can. It does carry a high ABV punch, which is what it's made for. I suppose that makes it fit the style for a malt liquor?!"
"Dark yellow colored beer with a rapidly fading head.Aroma and taste are green apple and nuclear submarine fuel.This packs a potent punch.It reminds me of high school when you would drink two forties of malt liqour and look for anyone to fistfight.Still I can't say that this is horrible but my no means will I say it's good."
"Clear pale yellow with a big fluffy white head that fades fast. The nose is comprised of dusky metallic grits, green apple and grain alcohol. The taste is much like the smell, sweet grits and appleskin mascerated in corn liquor. The alcohol is relatively well hidden for such a high ABV. This stuff is evil, for $1.09 and at 11% ABV, one single 40 oz could do serious damage (I guess that's the point). I chickened out after about 8 oz though."
"taste: this is a beer to be slammed and forgotten about to end you're night on."
"me, a drain pour."
"In the final reckoning, a more appealing appearance is the reason why Axe Head wins Malt Likkapalooza XI. I've also decided to reward it with a higher drinkability score since the flavor is *slightly* better. Yes, it's drinkable for the style, but I'm not stupid enough to drain the entire 40 ounce bottle."
