review_text
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"For having 4 hops varieties (Fuggles, EKG, Target and Challenger) this has some pretty gloppy malts. That and a big diacetyl hit make this a bit of hard work. Doesn't strongarm anyone."
""
"I'm from hartlepool so I might be biased, but if made correctly, hand pulled hard with.a.sprinkler on the tap I think this beer is extremely hard to beat and deserves greater recognition."
""
"My hometown beer, you love it or hate it, I love it."
"Drinkability is very good. Nice easy drinking and tasty ale. I love these simple sessionable British Ales. Good stuff."
"Pleasing to the taste buds and the thirst. Nothing gets in the way of the drinkability. I'd love to try this beer on cask."
"A light, easily drinkable session brew, but wouldn't go out of my way to seek it out or recommend this one..."
"Drinkability: Very satisfying. The balances this brew provides between sweet and bitter increased drinkability and enjoyment."
"Beer pours a clear ruby red to brown with a chubby reddish pink creamy head that settle quickly leaving the lace to cover the glass. Nose is that of over ripe cherries, caramel and with the malt present a cotton candy like sweetness, fresh and appetizing. Front has the pleasant malt sweetness, with the cherry like taste also present, light to medium in feel. Finish has a light to medium hop spiciness, sweet to the end with the acidity stunning, quite dry, a drinkable beer."
"D - Not bad. Like all English Bitters it is not very bitter, but is still a good drinking beer."
"Amber color. No real overwhelming characteristic. Average. Wouldnt go out my way to get again. Not much head, not much lacing, not much taste. Kind of disappointing, most English bitters that I've had, I have really enjoyed but this was pretty much just standard fare. Nothing offensive, just a little bland for my tastes."
"Light to medium mouthfeel,tangy with some cloyingness. A good pleasing light feel,goes down very easy,could drink quite a few of these. If you like English style beers give this one a try."
"Overall, i've had this before, but dont remember it being like this. Perhaps i got an old bottle or something, but there just isnt an off-taste to it to go assuming that. I want to try this again to check my test-retest reliability on this beer."
"Opinion: This is a pretty good beer. I am nort a huge fan of the British styles for the most part, and this beer is no exception. I like a beer with lighter water, and this one sits on my palate pretty heavy. I would drink it again, but it will not be one that I seek out."
"D- It is alright. Nothing special. Wouldn't get one of these for myself. Is easy to drink though"
"“Eeeaatsszzz foook-yeeen Stronn arm Man”"
"This is a drinkable brew. Might be a nice session ale were it not for the higher ABV."
"Poured a deep chestnut color with modest off-white head. Smell is mainly of fruity malt with no hop character noted. Taste is also mainly malty with a bit too sweet fruity taste. Finishes with more sweetness and this sweetness begins to get a bit tiring. With no hop presence to balance the malt this is a very one-dimensional beer. Drinkable, but nothing great."
"This is a very pretty beer -- a nice hue of red. It has a small white head, and leaves a fair amount of lacing on the glass. The smell is very nice -- almost smells like a rich red wine. The taste is bitter, but smooth. However, towards the end of the beer...the bitterness is a little overwhelming. Good to have one, but I wouldn't have more than that in one sitting."
"Mouthfeel- A little dry, but mostly bready and lightly sweetened. Has a good lingering, bittered malt flavor."
"Taste; that smokiness follows over in the taste, as well as a strong caramel maltiness. There's some nutty flavors and a touch of a spicy hop bitterness in the finish. The flavors definitely get better, and more pronounced as this warms. Reminds me of a bitter I had while in a pub in Gibraltar that I've long since forgotten the name of. Mouthfeel is a little on the thin side for me, but the drinkablility is good."
"Presentation: Packaged in a brown glass Euro-style longneck with a pop-off crown, served in a standard pint tap glass."
"Mouthfeel & Drinkability: the mouthfeel overall is quite smooth and the body is in my opinion balanced, but this beer lacks somewhat exceptional elements to make it stand out as a really tasty pale ale or bitter. A very easy-drinking malty ale, but it can be boring after the first pint."
"Overall Impression: Light tasting beer, a touch bitter, I could see this being a great session beer!"
"Tasted: 07/03/05"
"sampled this one on Nitro tap at the Brazen head in Brooklyn, NY, Arrives rudy/red/dark amber/cloudy with tiny bubbles clinging to the glass. Super fine, creamy head, loads of lacing left behind. Minimal nose picked up. This one is all about the mega creamy mouthfeel and the light subtle, drinkable approach taken towards this very British ale. Fine sessioner, could drink this stuff all night"
"Thanks to Darkover for the trade. What is this beer trying to strongarm exactly? This brew isn’t going ""over the top"" any time soon. Dark amber color with a thin off-white head. Weak lacing. The aroma is malty in an indistinct way. Medum bodied and mildly bitter throughout. Some malt and nut flavors as well but Sylvester Stallone movie references aside, this beer doesn’t offer much. The finish is dry and slightly hoppy. I won’t bother with this again."
"Pours a deep amber/ruby with a foamy white head which leaves some lacing on the glass. Some malt in the nose but rather clean. Sweet malt with faint fruity notes and a subtle hint of diacetyl coming through and then leading to a delicate long hop finish. A rather mild and unassuming pale ale. Smooth and creamy mouthfeel. Drinkable, but not terribly exciting."
"You go knock yourself out, there, if it works for you."
"Altogether not great but drinkable and fairly refreshing."
"If The U.S. wasn't such a restive place you might see lunch patrons ordering pints of suds similar in architecture to Strongarm. Iced tea is brewed, right? Toasted nuts and escarole skim a mahogany juice that doesn't not taste like a gulp of mineral water after cutting fallen hardwood with a chainsaw. Why can't we buy a gallon of this cheaply up the street at our local general store?"
"As one reviewer noted, it probably should be reclassed as a ""Mild."""
"Plenty easy drinking, if not plenty interesting. Not bad though."
"Drinkability: An unusual brew that doesn't cut it with me."
"Dark red mahogany color with a decent yellowish head of 1/4 of an inch. Nice lacing on the glass, thin, but complete around the perimeter. Malty aroma, slightly musty and dusty but with a caramel and slight butter undertone. Lightish body but plenty of carbonation. Burnt caramelized sugar taste, creme brulee, bittering from English style hops early but matched by Heath bar toffee and a touch of wild honey. Thins a little mid mouth and closes on the light side, without nearly as much impact. Overall, I'd say this is a nice enough brew, good drinkability but the close is a little weak, making a little too much of a switch for me."
"Had this brew on cask last evening while at Mahars. Must say that is it an interesting brew. The brew had a hazy amber color with a nice off white head that broke down very slowly and left some lacing. The aroma of this brew was of caramel and butterscotch malt. The taste does along with the aroma but you get a strong apple cider flavored finish. It took me a while to actually figure out what I was experiencing. A very different tasting brew! The flavor, even though different seemed to be weak or was missing something. Over all it was a nice brew and was very happy I got the chance to try it on cask. Would like to try it on tap to compare in the future."
"Drinkability: Extremely drinkable. Overall, I was happily impressed with this offering, as I'd never tried anything from this brewer. For $3/pint, the price isn't bad and it was definitely worth the money to try it. Could be a good session beer if it was available around here in 6 or 12-packs."
"Light bodied and smooth, I couldn't even finish one."
"Very lovely English ale, but not very pale in color or character. Beautiful complexity, and excellent drinkability."
"If I saw this next to a mass produced American beer (which I dislike), I would choose the Strongarm. At least it has some interesting aspects, at least more so than the mass produced junk."
"This is a strong 4 in my eyes. The smell was nice and malty with hints of fruits. I was a little nervous, thinking that this one might have a lot of hops in it, but it's just the opposite. It's got a nice, solid malty backbone, which is something I really favor. The taste and the smell are quite similar to each other, which denotes consistancy. The taste was also very refreshing and actually quenched my thirst. All in all, a great beer. Go get some!"
"Hops make more of a statement, both in terms of flavor and bitterness, on the drying finish. The body is strictly medium for the style and I find myself wishing for more mouth-filling creaminess. Strongarm is quite the complex brew; amazing since it's only 4% alcohol. Who says that session beer can't be serious beer?"
"My only complaint on this beer is its flavor profile.. Smoothness is exception and a great mouthfeel and drinkability, but this beer almost tasted a little watered down, and is missing a little in the malt department.. I'm sure it would have been much better on cask.."
"A good beer to pair with brussels sprouts; tolerable but fairly obnoxious."
"Pours a nice deep ruby with a creamy-like head that sticks nicely to the glass,aroma of brown sugar dominates here but its quite subtle.Taste is all English here biscuity and some brown sugar notes as well as a light metallic flavors light but full of flavor.Wow a real nice brew great to get my hands on would just love to get a chance to try this on hand pump,I honestly could drink this from morning all day."
"Forget the ""Red Ale"" claim from the label, this is a beautiful Dark Mild."
"This ale poured a hazy, reddish amber color with off-white foam that persisted. The smell was modest malt. The taste was slightly sweet malt with some tangy citrus notes and a low hoppiness. The body was medium with low carbonation. There was a lingering tangy malty flavor. This was an enjoyable ale from cask."
"Beautiful reddish copper with a nice thick light tan head, and a glint of ruby at the bottom. Smells of butterscotch. Tastes of appley cidery fruit. The butter scotch becomes more and more phenolic as I drink. Strong cidery finish. Not to my taste, and disappointing after the lovely Castle Eden."
"The beer pours a dark amber/brown color with a thin off-white head that fades to lacing. The aroma is good. It has a nice creamy malt scent that seems a bit dry. The taste is good. It has a light malty flavor that is enhanced with some mild hopping and a dry English style finish. It goes down easy. The mouthfeel is fine. It is a low/medium bodied beer with good carbonation. This is a fine red ale. It has good aroma and flavor; a good drinker."
"Pours with a one-finger light tan head that goes slowly and leaves a good lace. Light carbonation. Nice clear, deep amber color. Nose has some malt. Starts and finishes with a balance of hops and malts with a little sweetness at the end. $3.00 for a 500ml bottle. Best by date Nov 04. The ABV is 4.0%."
"Super color here-deep caramel/amber with an enticing, creamy beige head that sticks throughout the journey-moderate to ample lace. Aromas are somewhat savory, with roasted grain and nut up front-some melon like fruit and tangy hop bitter on the tail end. The mouth feel is medium bodied, crisp and somewhat creamy. Flavors satiate, and are quite easy to swallow. The emphasis is on the roasted grain and the subtle, buzzing hop bitter that balances the beer in sublime English fashion. A flavorful, refreshing, and just right brew to serve up with a plate of fish and chips."
"A slightly hazy chestnut body displays ruby highlights and streams of fine, steadily rising bubbles beneath an enormous head of creamy off-white foam. The head retention is excellent, and it leaves wide streaks of lace throughout most of the glass. The nose is mainly malty with a distinct caramel side and a touch of diacetyl, although some limited, grassy hops are able to slip through. The body is decidedly medium and its fine-bubbled, moderate carbonation leaves it smooth and creamy across the palate. The flavor reflects the caramel maltiness that's displayed in the nose with a splash of yeasty fruitiness (apples, pear, berries) and some subtle buttery diacetyl adding depth. It finishes soft and smooth; almost without notice. A straightforward, highly drinkable ale that could easily be enjoyed throughout an entire session!"
"A tea-like and a citrusy hop bitterness, along with a mild metallic bite make for a nice balanced ale. A very light basil-like herbal flavor emerges as it warms. This is a highly gulpable brew!"
"This beer is very drinkable, but belgian beer has ruined me. I like stronger flavor and alcohol."
"Strongarm Ruby Red Ale, in a bottle (best by date 6/04). Hmm, pours not so much ruby or red, but a kind of brown, fairly clear. Had some head, but what there was left fairly quickly. The aroma is mild, but I can sense a little red wine aroma, of all things. Fairly clean and brisk English style ale, with a nip and bit more of hops. Bready malts help to round out the flavor, leaves a slightly toasty aftertaste. Crisp, easy to drink, and light bodied. Very nice, I can see this being enjoyed in the late afternoon at an English pub. Nice."
" A finely crafted, easy drinking session ale with a whole bunch of flavor."
