review_text
""
""
"Overall - Might as well drink a steel reserve."
"Poured from a brown 11.2 oz. bottle. Has a rich golden color with a 1/2 inch head. Smells of fruits, some alcohol. Taste is dominated by alcohol, a bit of grains and malts. Feels medium bodied in the mouth and has average drinkability. Overall this is a decent brew, but nothing special."
"Not a very drinkable beer, but it will at least give you a buzz with just one."
"Not the best beer ever, but decent. I really don't know why it got so many bad reviews. This is a pretty good beer, much better than a D or F."
"Whew...those poor, poor Maltanian bastards! This stuff is wicked bad. Imagine a 40 oz of malt liquor boiled down to about 12 oz, becoming the consistency of thin syrup and adding 3 ounces of grain alcohol...that is pretty much what this tastes like. Sweetness is ridiculously cloying and the beer is viscous as hell feeling in the mouth. Avoid at all costs unless you are a glutton for punishment. Am I going to finish this bitch? Maybe, but only because I had to buy two of these MFers cause the first one exploded in my freezer."
"I would not drink another one unless someone paid me to. I'm not really familiar with the Euro Strong Lager style so I'm not sure if it's an acquired taste, but I don't think I'll be acquiring it any time soon."
"Cisk XS is my second Maltese beer and is my second lousy Maltese beer. On the positive side, after two or three bottles, the rest should go down pretty easily. If you decide to take the plunge and buy a bottle (not recommended), don't forget the brown paper bag."
"I don't know what beer the rest of yall reviewed, but this is quite pleasant."
"Mouthfeel is pretty bad too with medium body, alcohol burn, and too much carbonation. Drinkability is poor. I wouldn't be looking for another even if it was free."
"Poured into an American pint glass, this beer is a very pale, quite clear straw-gold color, with a substantial 2-finger head on top. The nose is quite grainy, with a little hint of solvent. Ugh, an extremely sweet, nearly cloyingly sweet beer, with no hint of anything hoppy, together with medicinal, very harsh alcohol. Thin-bodied and watery, and nearly undrinkable. I couldn't finish a single glass--I'll have to find someone to give this away to."
"I picked up this beer a few days ago out of curiosity. I was told it was bad. It's actually worse than I expected. I can't pick out a flaw here or there to pick on. It needs so much work all across the board. I wouldn't recommend it. Well, maybe if you're looking for a beer from Malta. But, there's got to be a better one than this, right?"
"D: Drinkability was not good as to be expected. Didn't really care to finish this one and was a struggle to justify why. A huge disappointment when compared to its original lager which was more hoppy, grainy, and flavorful, this one came off as cheap corn/malt liquor and comes with a non recommend and a cheers to their original lager."
"D - Drinkability is really not looking good for this brew. Too sweet and too hot. It would be best to just start all over with this brew. Take it back to the drawing board and start tweaking until something a little better wass produced. Not recommended at all."
"Appearance was flat with very little lace to the glass. There wasnt much of a smell but if I had to describe it, I would say rubbing alcohol. Not a smooth tasting brew at all. Mouth feel was about average with a good amount of carbonation."
"I wish I could give it a zero in all categories (except appearance) because it was truly the most offensive liquid I have ever drank."
"Avoid at all costs."
"Sampled side by side with regular Cisk Lager. A very light yellow/golden colored beer with a small white colored head, nearly identical in appearance to the regular Cisk Lager. Nose has more complexity than the regular Cisk, with similar notes as the regular Cisk, but also some light notes of caramel and fruit. Flavor isn't enjoyable, but has some nice malt elements of caramel and toffee. Suprisingly decent. Still not drinkable for me, but it's an ok beer. If I were desperate I could drink this."
