review_text
"D: A 7.0 abv that drinks more like a coors light. Not much body wise but ok flavor. The alcohol is fairly well hidden and good for a cheap buzz but not much appreciation."
"."
"Pours a cloudy yellow with a cloudy vanishing head. Aroma is strong- overly malted, dried fruit characters; what else to expect from a strong euro. This brew pulls off the label better than others- the mouthfeel is light and nicely carbonated and the relatively high alcohol content is masked very well by a dry slightly hopped finish. You cant really knock it when our strong macro brews can be used to degrease a block."
"Looks pretty average, clear yellow with a thin white head. Nose is plain, sweet and grainy. Hints of malts are barely there. Taste is rye, grains, and some hops, with a little bit of mustiness. I guess the alcohol is hidden well. All the flavors are concurrent without meshing- not bad, but not too great either. Mouthfeel is foamy yet thin. Drinkability is ok. Overall just a plain-jane kind of beer."
"A worthwhile experience and more complex than I anticipated."
"Purchasesd at Gomer's in Parkville. Got it cheap for a buck 79, so figured what the heck. A 1 pt bottle poured into an Imperial Pint glass. Clear straw colored. Massive white head. I had to take a bite out of it so as not to overflow. After a minute or so it receeded to nothing, no lace to speak of. Smell is pretty weak. What there is is a bit spicy and peppery, with some dark cereal notes. Rye maybe. Taste is suprisingly smokey and spicy. It is medium bodied, but very fizzy. It borders on over-carbonated, but it's no bothering me that much. Finishes pretty clean, just a little smokey after taste. Pretty drinkable. I'll go for this again if I'm going cheap."
"Poured a light, pee-yellow color with a small, frothy, white, and rapidly diminishing head. The aroma is slight: moderate notes of grain and light hoppy notes of straw. The flavor was unremarkable. Lightly bittersweet up front with an average-length, lightly bitter finish. The body was light, the texture was watery and the carbonation was fizzy. The alcohol was well-hidden and provides a surprising warmth."
"I will definitely buy it again."
"The beer is okay for what it is, but I wont buy it again, and dont really recommend it. The finish is not appealing and overall the beer is rather empty from start to finish."
"Rycerskie is an interesting brew and is a good change of pace from the endless parade of EPLs. It isn't a standout, but as a lover of big beer, I approve of the effort to crank up the volume and add a little life to the Euro lager party."
"Nice head with golden yellow color. Smell is some malt, but with an odd, fishy quality. Taste is mainly malty, with some oiliness. Mouthfeel is medium, with some catching in the back of the throat. I poured it out after a few gulps...drinkability lacking."
"Drinkability – This boozy beer goes down a bit rough, but there’s nothing offensive to it."
"very nice long lasting head that sat on a nice golden beer. flavor lasted throughout without being overwhelming in any one flavor. Hard to find here locally, but will grab it again sometime. Recommend picking up 2 instead of just one."
"Appearance: Golden sunshine slight haze or overcast there with a large thicket of frothy white head that actually sticks around awhile. Aroma: Butterscotch and not diacetyl offness a good honey caramel like malt profile with a clean herbal light hop note in the finish. Taste: Clean breadiness meets sweet honey and butterscotch like malts, not bad light bitterness low hop flavor but alcohol seeps through and is balanced in the mix of this strong Polish lager. Mouthfeel: Lighter bodied even carbonation a well abled brew in satisfying the senses on all regards. Drinkability: Impressed by this offering, why? Honestly I wasn't expecting much instead of a run of the mill mass produced Euro swill I got a well made strong lager that was tasty and drinkable with a nice mix of flavor."
"Rycerskie! I feel noble now. Poured out a light honey/gold color with a decent amount of carbonation. Smell consisted of malts mostly. But it had a sweet hint to it as well. Some caramel or butterscotch as well. Can't be sure. Taste semi-sweet, grainy, malty, with some slight hops at the end. It has a good body to it. Creamy and full bodied. I wished it had just a tad more carbonation to it, but that's ok. One of the better Polish beers I think."
"Overall: Honestly, this was a very nice surprise. Much better than I anticipated, and not all that bad actually. Fruity and refreshing, the only complaint is that the grainy feel and sweet malts can be a little much at times. Worth a try though."
"Nice Polish import, and one of my half liter for little more than a buck beers. A fairly typical tasting Eastern European lager. Nice rich taste, very malty with a mild kick of skunk, and a little bit of hops. Hazy golden color, not a lot of head. Fairly typical tasting beer, not bad for the price."
"Clear, golden, moderately carbonated with a lively white head that remained to a degree. Aroma was quite strong: yeasty, pungent malt and alcohol coming at my nostrils. The flavour was much more subtle, a well-balanced mix of malt and hops providing a clean taste. A bit of grainy alcohol warmth comes through too, particularly after the other aspects had faded. Not the most assertive beer in the world, but not bland either; there's plenty of flavour to make this a quality brew. And it just proves that inexpensive beer is not necessarily bad (at least if it hails from Eastern Europe...)."
"Orangish in color that produces a big white head. Smells fruity and hopped, not a trace of alcohol. Tastes sharp and dry, nice hops finish, the alcohol goes very well with this beer. This is the first Polish beer I have ever had, and i was not dissapointed at all."
"Appears an orange, hazy, moderately-carbonated liquid with a stable and brilliantly white head. It presents a pleasing floral hop aroma that's more aggressive than other Polish lager's that I've sampled. Good balance with a malty foretaste. Alcohol is evident in the aroma, but fits very nicely in the overall taste. Creamy, moderately-full mouthfeel. Dry-ish finish. This is a solidly good beer...a little more intensity, and it would have been downright wonderful."
"Taste was a little sweet and I detected a hint of citrus in there somewhere. The mouthfeel clearly had a lot of body which is becasue of of of the malty sweetness. The body and sweetness masked much of the alcohol which means that it is a pilsner for a short night not a session. This is a top lager and shows that the Eastern Europeans are emerging as strong brewers of the style."
"500 ml bottle fresh from the importer. A crystal-clear golden body is topped by a pillowy white head that holds well (buoyed by hundreds of fast-rising standard-sized bubbles) and initially leaves solid sheets of lace. The lacing loosens as you progress through the glass, but it remains until the end - very nice! The clean, fresh aroma welcomes you with a gently sweet and mildly grainy & husky malt that's subtly touched by hops. The body is full; and it's creamy in the mouth due to it's soft, gently effervescent carbonation. The flavor is just as clean as the aroma, and exactly as might be expected with a lightly sweet malt that's touched by floral and softly grassy hops. Some fruitiness resides in there as well; and it's well-balanced with the bitterness doing just enough to keep the malt from becoming more than lightly sweet. There's obviously a lot of adjunct used as it's grainy character is limited; but the 7% alcohol by volume is really well hidden - although it does become more noticeable as you progress through the pint. It finishes with a wash of sweetish malt in the mouth that fades readily as the alcohol dries things up. Clean, fresh, soft, smooth, and the alcohol is never overdone. A pleasant surprise! One of the better made strong Polish lagers; and in comparison to American made macro-swill, this one's a beauty ;)"
"Clean golden color, big snow-white head. Fresh, floral aroma. Great initial texture, fine, if brief, finish. Fits perfectly in the euro-lager bag, with nothing standing out, on the good or bad side. One of those beers of which you can say, ""Do you lilke a good lager? That's what it is!"" Good hops, light malt, seems a bit on the dry side. Leaning toward a pilsener, I think. All in all, okay."
"Pours a limpid gold with a head that is frothy in texture, the size impressive as it dissipates it leaves a fine sheet of lace. Malt aroma dominates the nose; Very light hints of yeast, fresh and clean with a sweet front. Finish is pleasing in its hop bite, purposeful in its acidity with a very dry lingering malt aftertaste. To date this is the best of the ""Polish"" beers (Lagers/Pils) sampled, Quite drinkable, still ""Light", but has a balance and freshness I like."
"Nothing really distinctive here.  Drinkable, but not something I see myself going back to."
