review_text
""
""
""
""
"My pour netted a finger of fizzing tawny head with mild retention. Color was a deep, coppery-amber (SRM = > 13, < 17) with NE-quality clarity. Nose was very malty-sweet with a hint of fusel alcohol. Hmmm. Mouthfeel was thin, not necessarily watery, but very light-bodied and the taste was very sweet, almost sugary, on the tongue. The finish held a little bit of heat, but it was still mostly what I would characterize as sweet in a beer. This was not my first encounter with the style and there are far worse out there, I can assure you. That said, I am not recommending it, either. It is another crappy style and other than wanting to review it from a CAN, one is more than enough. It is more of a novelty than anything else."
"Poured from a brown 16.9 oz. bottle. Has a rich golden color with a 1/2 inch head. Smell is of malts, some sweetness. Taste is of alcohol, some malts, alcohol, a bit of sweetness, more alcohol. Feels light in the mouth and overall nothing to recommend about this beer."
"O: This beer isn't very tasty and you can definitely notice some of the alcohol in the smell and taste. It is reminiscent of an American Malt Liquor."
""
"This is what I've come to expect with Euro-strongs: high ABV with a slightly better and more flavorful taste than say a Steel Reserve."
"Out of a bottle I was inspired to purchase by my attractive Polish friend this Polish beer was a light amber color with one finger of white head that left spots of lacing briefly before the head disappeared completely. The aroma was of booze, dry grains and bread. The flavors were mostly of corn and adjunct grains, booze, dry grains and bread along with a little hoppy bitterness on the finish. Not very distinct and not much better than an American malt liquor which is a shame considering the style (Euro Strong Lager) can rise far above that level. Still, the mouthfeel was good, the body medium and the carbonation appropriate. Easy enough to drink but nothing worth returning too."
"Pours a lifeless pale amber color, no head. Aromas of fusel alcohol, boozy fruits, stale grain and a floral whiff of hops. In the taste, sugary sweet, definitely strong alcohol presence and dingy fruits and vegetation. Some buttery diacetyl is noticed, a sloppy byproduct of overworked lager yeast. More alcohol, harsh grains and some fruityness. Mouthfeel is medium to light bodied, thin but with a sting of carbonation. Overall, this brew was a beast, and only a malt liquor aficionado would I recommend this to."
"Ruby amber with a creamy tan head that shrinks to a film pretty quickly and leaves little blobs of lace on the glass. The aroma consists of grain, butterscotch, fusel alcohol and green apple. Sweet, candied corn and green apple skin with a shot of vodka, yikes. Wimpy and sugary mouthfeel with a hit of alcoholic warmth in the finish. Karpackie Super is a sub-par Polish Malt Liquor at best."
"0- A bit too sweet. Not great, not bad. It's offers a cheap buzz with a drinkable taste. I won't be drinking this too often as it is not widely available to me."
"A somewhat interesting tipple, much like this brewery's other strong offering. While malt-liquor-ish in the beginning, it turns into a fairly even, if still saccharine, affair. Hides the booze well, and is cheap, with some minor hints at greater aspirations."
"Meh. It was less than $2 and I didn't find out until a week later that it was 9% for over a pint of brew. Once again, a brewery better than Kalnapilis. Kalnapilis sucks eggs!"
"D: I had no problem finishing the bottle but I probably wouldn't seek this one out again."
"Pours a clear amber color with a thin head that fades quickly. Aroma of big heavy slightly sweet malts bordering on raisin like fruits and a bit of toast. The taste is sweet malts, caramel and some faint green apple in the finish as well as some toasted malts. Medium bodied. Tastes like malt liquor at first, then it transitions into a sweeter quality. Finishes like dark fruit. Not too bad if you like sweet beer."
"Pours a clean orange-ish/ yellow color with an off white head. In the aroma, small hints of fruit and a small roast. In the taste, dry fruitiness in a standard European lager with some boozyness at the end. A small bitter and medium bodied mouthfeel, with a semi dry fruity aftertaste. Nice fruitiness, but a bit boozy."
"Karpackie isn't Super. Nor is it Duper. If you have extreme requirements, my suggestion is to drink beer that is actually extreme. This one is instantly forgettable and isn't worth the purchase price, no matter what it might be."
"Not a complex beer by any means but, since I'm buzzing only a third of the way through, a good choice when the mood calls for a numbing of the senses."
"Sort of astringent and undercarbonated, sweet with poorly masked booze. It does remind me of cookies with dried apple. Sweet with some odd spices, maybe nutmeg. Dry aftertaste from the alcohol. At $1.79 this might be a better deal than Night Train, but it's about as drinkable. I think my curiosity for obscure Polish beers is satiated... at least for the time being."
