review_text
"This is the one of the most ugly beer in Russia, never try to buy this!! NEVER!"
""
""
""
""
""
""
"O: Looks good, but it is definitely not good."
"Put some of this in your cooler when you're taking a trip, dig? It's like Colt 45 - works every time, baby!"
"Not a great beer but strong for a Russian Malt Liquor."
"My bottle was labelled Yarpivo Extra Lager but I think it is the same as this Yarpivo Strong. The smell is quite nice; I got piney hops and maple syrup. The taste is weak but there is some piney hops. It doesn't really go anywhere and the aftertaste isn't great. Not a great beer, but not terrible either."
"Not one I'll actively seek out again."
"Nasty -- tastes like an alcohol-fortified grain beverage meant for soccer hooligans. Usually sold alongside their mainstream amber (5.3% ABV) and lighter (4.7%) varieties which have some merit. This brewery also markets larger-size screw-top plastic bottles of ""beer"" under various names with similar overproof alcohol levels that smack of get-drunk-quick swill. To be avoided whenever possible."
"This pours from a bottle marked 24.01.09-14A-24.01.10-J. Sampled on February 23, 2010. The pour is about its best quality with a slightly cloudy copper-amber with a thin soapy white head and decent lacing. The aroma seems stale to me witha little bit of malts on the nose but more like day old bread. The taste is not a wholelot better. It is mainly bland, stale bread and a touch of hops behind it. It reminds me of flavored cardboard unfortunately and it took me forever to get it down."
"For all of the generous head this actually ends up being a bit flat. The slick mouthfeel certainly doesn't help. Lovers of all-malt macros may enjoy this for a) the price (.99 for a 1 pint 9oz. bottle and b) the high ABV (7.2%) but there's simply got to be a better option out there. Down the drain we go..."
"The beer pours a gold color with a thick frothy white head that quickly fades to lacing. The aroma is average. It has a dry pale malt and adjunct scent. It's crisp and clean with little to no hop aroma. The taste isn't very good. It has a very dry and bitter flavor. It's full of pale malts and adjuncts as well as an earthy yeast component. Hops are nowhere to be found. The mouthfeel is horrible. It has a dry metallic feel with good carbonation. It's full bodied and hard to put down. This is going right to the drain. This is just not a very good tasting beer. It's one and done for me."
"I'd rather have a Steel Reserve."
"More drinkable than any American malt liquor. Somewhere between a good German lager and alcohol boosted piss in a glass. A toasted grain flavored beer that I actually like. For the $1.69 the 1/2 Liter cost this is a completely acceptable beer."
"Cheers!"
"I believe this is the same beer as the abv is the same, although my bottle bore the designation ""Extra."" Poured an almost frighteningly luminous gold with nominal and short-lived head. A bit of sweetish malt in the aroma. Flavor was a fairly standard euro-lager profile, and a bit smoother than I would have expected. Some artificial sweetener at the finish, but not too bad. Alcohol hinted at harshness, but managed to fall back into line surprisingly well. An okay beer, but certainly beats the pants off any U.S. malt liquor, if one is so inclined."
"Clear gold color, big fluffy head, pretty standard looking for a eurp strong lager. Sharp grain, alcohol, and corny smelling. Taste is strongly alcoholic, like rancid milwaukee's best with some vodka dumped in it. Yuck. Sharp and offensive, this is one of theworst tasting euro strong lagers that I've had. Avoid."
"wow.... poured in a glass with wonderful ease, left a bright white full head sitting on top of yellow liquid gummi bear... center of the head dissipates, but the lace is full and intact, a nice light yet full malty smell that causes this mouth to water... first sip is odd... leads with the malt and refuses to carry thru with an aftertaste... 2nd sip was a bit more cloying.. could ""feel"" the beer running down the inside of my cheeks.. good taste.. for this ABV the flavor is very light.. sticking very well to lager rules... will stock this. find this one.. its good."
"A strong alcohol content is evident from the aroma and grainy flavor. A quick, dry and slightly bitter finish."
"This one pours a bright yellow with a big white head. Don't blink, though, or the head will be gone. No lace, and practically no collar. The nose is big - strong sweet malt and a bit of alcohol. The mouthfeel is sweet and tingly. The taste is powerful - sweetness, rice (listed as an ingredient) and alcohol. There is just a touch of bitterness in the finish, but it is pretty much overwhelmed by the sweet malt. I won't be having another."
"Yarpivo means beer (pivo) from Yaroslavl (which is located in central Russia). It pours a clear yellow-gold body with a full and foamy bright-white head that dissipates quickly. It keeps a thin collar through the start of the glass, but eventually drops to an entirely flat surface. The nose displays clean, sweet malt with a very mild touch of alcohol. It's full bodied, and mildly zesty on the tongue. Once tasted, rich sweet malt abounds - obviously adjunct laden, and over-riding whatever bitterness is present. Sweet malt, alcohol and a touch of bitterness lay on the tongue in a lingering, semi-sweet finish. Very much like an American malt liquor. Interesting, and fairly well done, but not really worth seeking out."
