review_text
"Poured from an 11.2 oz. bottle. Has a rich golden color with a 1/2 inch head. Smell is of alcohol, some sweetness. Taste is apples, alcohol, malts, a bit unusual, and not in a good way. Feels light in the mouth and overall, not terrible, but one is more than enough."
""
""
""
""
"RJT"
"Notes: What you'd expect from the style (one I'm not particularly fond of either). Cooked vegetable is a little too strong for my liking as is the alcohol. Not bad for the style if you like it, I guess, but not one I would get again (even if it was on sale like this time)."
"Overall: I would not want to sit down and quaff a lot of this stuff. That said, it's not horrible or anything."
"Tastes like astringent alcohol, wet paper, oddly toasty with some lingering malt sweetness in the aftertaste. Light bodied with medium carbonation. Not sure what to make of this really, the alcohol is overt, and there's little in the way of redeeming characteristics. Not a beer i'd ever buy again."
""
"O: Better than I expected, but my expectations were pretty low. I won't buy this again, but it isn't awful."
"Appearance is a light golden amber with a thick head that dissapates to a fine film leaving a nice curtain lace. Smell of malt with some earthiness and grassy notes. Taste has a light sweet malt, corn husky that is overall light in flavor, but masks the 7.8% very well. Mouthfeel is medium with good carbonation. Considering the ABV. it's a clean easy going lager I'd like to try on tap."
"Overall an interesting beer, and more drinkable than I expected. This hides the alcohol well, and while not a session beer per se, I did have two this evening and found them enjoyable and relatively easy to drink."
"To me it seems like a strong version of a pils, which is what I think it is really designed to be. Isn't as quite refreshing as I would like, and I would not buy it as there is better stuff out there. That being said, this is a solid brew from Poland and if I ever find myself there I will seek out some fresh Lomza."
"Don't let that put you off, though; this is actually a highly drinkable, enjoyable beer. While it is quite malty, and focuses its efforts on sweeter notes, those notes are at least moderately subdued. What comes across is a flavorful beer that revels in summery lightness, and would be perfect fare for a hot day at the beach, or the noon-day deck of your favorite bar."
"Overall: For a Euro Strong Lager, this actually is pretty damn good, and it thankfully isn't overly cloying. The ""Malt Liquor"" moniker on the label is simply a travesty."
"Overall- It's not an offensive drink, however, I shouldn't seek it out anytime soon. Yet, i would have no problem drinking one if offered to me. Average."
"D: One and done. Too sweet, and a bit out of whack."
"This is very nice for the style, IMO. It has a nice dry balance that isn't boozy."
"While this beer was not all that impressive it fares nearly as well as Carlsberg Elephant. A simple drinker that provides quite a delivery system for the 7.8% abv."
"D - This is a tough style to review as there is little conventional standards for it. The beer is well done as far as brewing goes. However, I find it a bit sweet to drink another and is perhaps better tasted alongside a spicy or bitter food dish. I don't care for it too much just by itself - a bit cloying."
"Overall - Nothing much of interest here.. pretty much your standard high ABV euro lager...."
"I'll try any beer I can get my hands on once -- but not necessarily twice. This is one of those beers. Never again."
"overall not that ""strong""."
"Pours a clear straw gold with a fast falling white head. Nose bears an almost slight citrus edge on top of a grain character. Flavor is lighter than I would have expected as that citrus-like character starts to peek through. On the tail end though a metallic and dirty aftertaste lingers, which kind of ruins it. Still, it is not too shabby. Lots of carbonation and bubble on the tongue and not a completely watered dawn liquid feel. Drinkable. Overall an average type of brew, but not garbage."
"Golden straw in color with a pale off-white head. No hops to speak of on the nose, only a restrained malt character - maybe a bit metallic? Initially this is sweet (and as strong as it is I can see why) but there's a reassuring bitterness that kicks in after a while. Mouthfeel is full and pleasantly creamy. The lasting impression is dry . . . above par for a style which has many adherents - if only American strong macro lagers had this much drinkability!"
"This punchy lager tasted a bit sweet and cereal-like. I bought the wrong one, not looking at the designation beneath the brand name. The sweet alcohol/ corn/ rice character put me off a bit, but I was brave. If this was what American ""malt liquor"" was all about, then we would be alright. It finished slightly sour with no detectable hop bitterness. I wouldn't do this twice."
"This brew pours a very clear yellow color with a shallow fizzy head: average appearance. The aroma is a bit malty, with a distracting grainy cereal quality that lingers way too long. Cereal and vegetable flavors are far too prevalent in this one. It’s a little sweet and earthy, with a light body. Soft and simple finish. The ABV is notable after a few sips. It’s drinkable and worth a try, but it’s also on par with other ubiquitous strong euro-lagers."
" Boring brassy color and vague malty nose. Strong malt flavor with some astringents. By no means great, but drinkable for the style. If you want to get messed up and not drink OE or King Cobra, this is a good choice."
"Mouthfeel- These light flavors were very refrshing for something with such an alcoholic punch. Very clean and crisp on the tongue, with only a little warming effect from the alcohol. A very pleasant brew indeed."
"If anyone can prove me wrong, I urge them to try!"
"Overall: One of those high-alcohol Euro Lagers that would see me right if I was sat in the Park on a freezing cold Polish Winters Day with my homeless friends……but on a warm evening in Long Beach…..it lacks refinement and appeal. Not bad, but not good either."
"I really enjoyed this and would certainly drink it again. I'm quickly becoming a ""MocneMan""!"
"Medium gold color, lots of visible carbonation. Head is moderate, pure white, and bubbly. Smell is very skunked, alcohol present, and adjunct. Taste is not pleasing, but better than some euro lagers. Grassy malt is evident in the taste, a lot like many europ lagers, but with a lot more alcohol presence. Taste is actually pretty decent, something I have not come to expect from this generally undrinkable style. For a Eastern Euro Strong Lager, it is good."
"A tasty brew that I will order again, Poland continues to surprise me with its quite good beers."
"Oh yeah, just because I am a foreign language freak, I feel this is worth mentioning. The name of this stuff is pronounced ""Womzhah"" not, ""lahmzah"". In Poland, the ""L" with a slash through it is pronounced like a ""w" and a ""z" with either a slash through it or a dot over is is pronounced like ""zh"" like asia."
"The beer as it forsakes its connection with the bottle pours a standard lager golden color, the head the normal bright white color, the size is modest, and the texture spumous, as the head relinquishes its hold on the glass, the lace forms a tight sealing veil to hide the glass from view. Quintessential lager nose, sweet malt, crisp and fresh with the archetypal lager start that is somewhat sweet with a decent malt presences, top is as one would expect from a lager, thin to medium in feel. Finish is moderately acidic, the hops apropos to the style, aftertaste somewhat dry, a typical lager, drinkable but nothing and a nice thirst quencher or palate cleanser, which is not bad in my humble opinion."
"Pours an absolutely perfectly clear straw/hay color with very active carbonation and a nice fuffy white head. Head recedes with little lacing. Aromas are sweet with a light spicy hop background. Taste is all sweet malts, maybe some grains, and a ""corny"" metallic aftertaste. I remember enjoying this much more the first time I had it, not sure why my opinion has changed so much. Try the export lager first as its a much more balanced beer, but if you decide to try this, drink it as cold as you can get it."
"Achk. I guess when they say ""malt liquor," they mean ""malt liquor."" Crystal clear golden straw with abundant white head that left lace. Offputting skunk aroma with traces of grain alcohol. Sweetness dominates; some malt character at the front but is buried by alcohol over the course of the sip. Some initial dryness and crispness at finish, but all in all the finish is very wet and lingering. I couldn't detect any hop flavor. Three quarters through I got a headache. If you must get drunk by all means help yourself. Probably the best malt liquor I have had (not that there are many); is that enough to recommend it? Hell no."
