review_text
""
""
""
"Thierry (13/10/2007)"
"Aroma suggests more than flavour delivers. Detectable rye qualities are nonexistent, which is regrettable and probably due to bottle age. Overall tastes like a sub-par dunkel."
"CHEERS! Beertracker"
"500 ml bottle, bought in Germany. Deep copper colour, large beige head. Intense aroma of red fruits, dried fruits and jam / marmalade, also notes of cloves, oak and sherry. Flavour is moderately malty, slightly acidic with some vinous qualities, red fruits, caramel and rye bread in the background. Moderate carbonation, soft mouthfeel, smooth and pleasant to drink. A very nice rye beer."
"BBE 12-05. Nice yellowish head and darkbrown beercolor. Nose is very banana fruity, litle diacethyl also(?) and the rye is dominating in maltyness.Litle roasty in back also. Taste is as nose is quiet empty; banana, ryemalty, maltsweet and watery. Not that much smell, taste and mouthfeel to find in this brew and to me rather disappointing."
"A p.s. just for Horst, my sharing partner says it was very well made, bone dry and he really has nothing to compare it to, but went into this thinking he would not like it but did!"
"The beer pours a reding amber color with a thick white head, a thing of beauty. The aroma is exceptional. There are all the elements of a dunkel weizen here, but with the addition of rye that adds a unique aroma as well as taste. The taste is good. Again, the caramel wheat flavor overcomes you, but the addition of rye adds an extra element. The mouthfeel is good. It is a medium bodied beer that has the right amount of carbonation. It is a great drinking beer; a style that I have never tried before. Thank's Chris, the weekend warrior, for bringing this one from overseas."
"Hmm well its a very nice brew very dunkelish. Pours a red toned caramelish brew small head. All the aromas are very much weizen as is most of the flavour: this beer is very similar to the common paulaner naturtrub but has a slightly stronger taste and mouthfeel which makes it only slightly different and maybe better for some."
"Dunklewiezen-ish, in that it has some very banana-ish flavours, with slight hints of craamel and toffee, dry finish, lightly tart, and pretty tasty all round, relatively soft, with some earthy notes. Bready/doughy at times, with some stickyness, dry-ish finish, pretty tasty."
