review_text
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Edit: The bottle has this on the label: 41901120. ?"
"Body is medium-light, with medium-light levels of carbonation, leading to a slightly bubbly, but primarily smooth effect across the palate. Overall mouthfeel is not particularly exciting, but workable. Closes out with a semi-dry finish."
"O: Quite drinkable and goes down easy. A fairly muted beer but still very enjoyable."
"overall; a very unique and tasty treat, some untapped potential here but a solid drink, would buy again."
"Smooth feel, slightly oxidized, grainy and lightly spicy. Graphite, crushed wheat kernels, green tea. Lingering dry grain that seems to be be pure rye in the aftertaste. Feel is light and easy drinking, though it does show its age a little. Something to try if you haven't had the style, but it's not representative of the extremes a Roggenbier can be, based on my limited experience detailed above."
""
"O: This is my first roggenbier, and I'm not sure what to think. I guess I was expecting a bit more grain and spice, and a little less sweetness. In any event, Bio-Roggen is a decent beer, but is one I likely will not revisit anytime soon."
"On the whole a fairly average beer, interesting but not that memorable."
"Drinking this, im thinking a nicely made Helles Lager with Rye Malt and German influence. Kind of a mix of the two countries, Germany and Austria. It's easy enough to go down and good for another, refreshing."
"O- This beer is thin and crisp with a very soft flavor but some nice lagered qualities in the finish."
"Maybe the spiciness from the rye can be contributing to that as well, because I get a decent amount of cinnamon bark and other spices in the taste as well. There is a nice balanced floral hoping to this one with only a modest amount of biterness. The body is mild/medium. Slightly syrupy and medium sweetness. Clean taste and very approachable. This is a year round session beer which I believe has flavars that can be enjoyed anytime or season."
"This is is a tad too sweet for the style, some nice peepry notes, perhaps too old? Don't know what the date code 41901120 means..."
"Picked up a bottle for $3.50 labeled Roggen Gold, though I'm confident this is the same beer. It's simple, but drinkable with plain bready Euro lager malts to open and then a spicy rye and peppery noble hops finish. Really, this beer could use more character. It's not offensive, but it's quite simple and unsurprising."
"D: Not a terrible beer, but certainly not my favorite either. It was nice to try a non-US version of a Roggenbier, but that's about it."
"Pours a clear pale golden, with a moderate head that leaves a moderate amount of lacing. Aroma features a much more subdued grain presence than expected. Taste is oddly dominated by a heavy vanilla presence. Would have expected a much more assertive rye/grainy presence than this. Mouthfeel is nicely rounded, with a very appropriate level of carbonation. A drinkable brew, but with a disappointing level of graininess for my tastes."
"I never thought I'd have another roggenbier, but I always hoped I would. This one pours a clear golden straw topped by about two fingers of white foam. The nose comprises wheat, corn, black pepper, and rye bread. The taste is more of the same, with more pepper and the addition of some delightful rye spice. The body is a heavy light, with a light carbonation and a somewhat grainy feel. Overall, a nice roggen, something that can easily be (Americanly) sessioned any day."
"This beer pours a clear golden with thick foam head and really nice lacing, but it looks rather pale and clear which I didn't assume typical. The smell is rather corn syrupy and a bit sour (I assume from the rye), but what saves it is there is a sweetness on the back of the nose that is rather nice. Holy cow, this tastes so much better than it smells. The flavors are slight sour and fairly sweet. It's really nice on the palate, really really smooth. It drinks really good. It's a pretty good beer when you get right down to it."
"d- very nice, i wasn't expecting this beer to taste like this, went down very easily. i would pick this up again for sure."
"Dry, spicy rye galore for the flavor. Caramel sweetness from the grain bill, while the hops are almost non-existent. Feels clean and crisp on the tongue with a slight fruit presence. Decently carbonated, but Roggen Gold fells a bit grainy and thin on the finish. Drinkable, yes, but a bit one-dimensional in the end. Still, it's an enjoyable Roggen that I'm glad I got the chance to try. Worth repeating."
"My first roggenbier = interesting and liking it. This beer begs for a pastrami on rye."
"Drinkability: well, I like the taste and feel, but it's got a hearty fillingness to it. I think that detracts a bit from sessionability ... the ABV is doable, but with this body it's a once-an-evening kind of brew."
"Pours a crystal clear gold color with huge poof of soapy white head, good retention, moderate lacing. Scent is grassy, straw-like, earthy and bready with a touch of mustyness. Taste brings the grass, straw with some more pronounced touched of rye and wheat. Finnish is musty rather than spicy. Light bodied, overall light carbonation after the pour. An ok introduction to the style, but this style is all over the map in flavor profile as is."
"D: Most anything below 5%, barring few exceptions, is drinkable and then some. This is no exception, spicy at times and strong on the wheat in the finish."
"A style you dont find very often,Iam glad I picked this up today.Poured into a .5 liter stein a lighter golden with a nice fluffy one finger white crown atop.Aromas have a mix of light honey sweetness,iron,and lemon peel mainly.Refreshing on the palate with leafy hop and light honey sweetness dominating,the rye imparts a light quenching tartness in the finish.A hot weather refresher,I could drink this all day out on the porch and not get tired of it."
"This was inexpensive and surprisingly good."
"This is a surprisingly rich and flavorful beer for a modest 4.9% alcohol, though the sharp flavor does stunt the drinkability somewhat; one bottle was plenty for me, and drinking a second would be a chore, though I did thoroughly enjoy it."
"D: A nice beer, a rare style, I'd say this more of a Roggen-Helles hybrid. Would make a nice session beer for me."
"Pours a clear pale amber under a one finger off-white head with nice retention and some very good lace lines. Nice strong nose of rye and wheat, with a hint of citrus. The mouth is quite heavy and very well carbonated - almost painfully prickly despite the weight. Very nice, very malty taste, with the rye quite prominent. Some mildly bitter hops lurk in the background, showing themselves plainly only right at the swallow then several seconds later at the back of the mouth. There's a slightly syrupy sweetness here, too, adding a nice touch to a very enjoyable brew."
