review_text
""
""
"caramel mixed in as well. providing a slightly sweet balance to it. The only downside would have to be the lightness of the aroma, needed a little more kick. The flavor was very well rounded. Started with a nice punch of caramel, with a decent roasted malt, and smoked quality coming through in the middle."
"D: This is a great use of rye and is not one that is overpowering. I can see drinking this again."
"The flavors are nice, but the beer is a bit too sweet overall, and I think that any flavors contributed by the rye malts are overpowered by the fruitiness."
"Creamy sour, dry in mouthfeel, yet a little sweet. So smooth. Lemon-like citric splash. Nutty mouthcoating. Mild spiciness. Nice wheaty esters. Tastes good. Citric, sour, and seriously creamy. Feels very good. Good drinkability. I could kick back a few with little thought, or slowly enjoy one in all its subtle complexity."
"Reviewed 11/6/2008 (Tap @ Flying Saucer, Houston, TX): Pours an orange cloudy body, small white head, diminishing. Fruity flowery aroma, light fruit like green grapes. Just a real sweet aroma. Flowery taste, dry clean aftertaste. Fruity taste on the front but quickly diminishing. Very tasty. Very fruity, like strawberries and maybe pear or apple. Fizzy mouthfeel, soft. Easy to drink. Warming up, becomes almost sickly sweet."
"Notes, this was brewed with wheat malt and rye malt, but my understanding of the style is a strong rye brew, or 100% rye. This is obviously a Real Ale BC re-interpretation."
"Think a hefe with some rye spiciness. Thats what this is. My first Roggenbier, and I am not sure if this fits the style, but a very enjoyable beer anyway."
"this brew pours a cloudy orange color with a decent white head. The nose is composed of fruit, orange citrus, very sweet. The taste is citrus, very sweet, floral hops, subtle spicy hops. full bodied, low carbo. very dry finish. This beer may be a little too sweet to me but was a decent beer nonetheless. I didn't detect much rye. Im no rye expert though."
"this is my first roggenbier and I'd like to try more of them"
"Very light gold pour with a short lived tiny head. Smell is spiced like a hefeweizen with cloves and same notes. Nice if you like hefs, but I find that scent strongly offensive. Was hoping this was more rye than hefeweizen, but it basically came across like a german hefeweizen with a faint hint of rye spiciness in the taste perhaps. Decent beer I guess, but not for me."
"Pours out an ever so slightly hazed brass with a thin white ring of bubbles atop the beer. has scant bubbles making their way to the top. Smell is grainy with a lot of odd coriander rather than clove. That with the spiciness of the rye almost reminded me of a Belgian offering. Weird. Taste again seems odd with its focus on coriander. Some clove is in the background, but that odd coriander trumps it. Ends grainy. Mouthfeel is kind of thin and slick while stinging the tongue with bubbles. Drinkability is OK. Since this is my first roggenbier, I can't tell if it's the style that doesn't sit with me or if it's just Real Ale's interpretation."
"bday! first beer of the night! ... wonderfully full and delicious!... some rye and caramel hop smell... lacing is more than decent... a glider down the throat... taste is very nice, sweet yet assertive... COULD NOT be more balanced, perfection in that sense!! another real ale winner!!!"
"Sampled on tap at The Draught House in Austin, Texas on October 13th, 2007."
"This is a nice change-up from a standard hefe."
"Overall Impression: Hefe with Rye. A nice combo, Real Ale does rye right!"
