review_text
"Beer has this chai like quality to it with this clove aftertaste, it is a heavily spiced beer. It's sweet on the onset, there is some tea bitterness in there but I can't identify the kind of tea it is. The overall spice level is quite high and really does taste like chai. There is a definite citrus quality to the whole thing lemons or more likely limes, maybe some peel or some I don't know..juice? It's an odd beer but it is decent. I don't think I'll seek it out again."
"D - I'm impressed with this beer and thouroughly recommend it."
"Notes: Really interesting beer and I'm glad I tried it. It's not really all that beer like, although it does somewhat remind me of a Flanders Red/Oud Bruin. You really have to be in the mood for this, and I luckily was when I had mine. This does make it harder to rate as since at the moment it's hitting the spot and what I'm looking for I'm tempted to rate it higher. However, I think the majority of the time I would be less inclined to drink this. This rating is kind of splitting the difference between the two moods."
"Tea beer is a strange, unique, and very interesting drink. The beer is a clear amber-gold color with a very short head. The aroma is not unlike iced tea, a theme that continues throughout the experience. Smells of citrus, faint herbal hops, honey, dried flowers, and -of course- tea bags. The taste has a decided lemon-lime flavor (the label says that the beer is made with lime juice. Sure, there's some malt t here, but the primary taste is of sweet iced tea with a slice of citrus in it. Fairly low in carbonation, smooth, and a little light. It didn't really satisfy for mouthfeel. Interesting and worth a try, but not really my thing."
"This beer has to be your sort of ""thing"" to be able to appreciate it most. It's not really mine as I prefer traditional lambics and wild ales to things like this."
"From my notes 6/1/2007 pours a two-finger white head that fades to a thin layer leaving some lace. Almost clear amber color. Spicy nose. Good carbonation and light-medium bodied. Flavor is a spicy tea with some sweetness, clean finish. Different but once is enough. Best by Oct 19, 2009. €2.00 ($2.74) for a 250ml bottle from de Bier Tempel Brussels, Belgium."
"Fine thin head on a pale amber/orange color body. The smell shows notes of wheat with a round and pronounced tart character, right in the style. Some barn smell too. The taste has an interesting balance, the tart sweet and syrupy aspect of the brew being balanced with an interesting fruity roundness (would that come from the tea leaves on which the beer maturates?) Juicy notes of citrus (lemony for the tart, orangey for the roundness), mint and peppermint. A fresh wheaty character. Mouthfeel is good and round, light without being too thin. Quite drinkable. I thought this was gonna be stupid and gimmicky, but I’ve really been proven wrong."
"Aged two years."
