review_text
""
"Pours a murky orange-brown with a foamy beige head that settles to a film on top of the beer. Small streaks of lace form around the glass on the drink down. Smell is sour and tart with malt, grain, vinegar, and acidic aromas. Taste is much the same with grain and acidic flavors on the finish. There is a mild amount of acidity on the palate with each sip. This beer has a lower level of carbonation with a slightly crisp mouthfeel. Overall, this is a pretty good beer that smells nice but unfortunately the taste doesn't match up in my opinion."
""
"Lot of oak on the tongue, very tannic and earthy. Fruity, cidery, some bitterness too. Actually, quite a bit of bitterness for lambic. Surprisingly hoppy, with an herbal/earthy quality. Sourness is moderate, not bracing by any means, with no noticeable acetic notes. Tons of oak/tannins in the finish, along with more of that curious bitterness that works very well with the oak. Immensely drinkable stuff, the bitter/sour dynamic works really well."
"Served as ""Oude lambic"" at In de Verzekering tegen de Grote Dorst in Eizeringen, Belgium. While the specific age wasn't disclosed, I am guessing that the 1-year Girardin on this site refers to the 'Jonge' (young) version of up to a year old. It was decanted somewhere out of view and arrived in the house glassware, a simple straight-sided tumbler. The color was dusky amber, more faro-looking than the typical unblended lambic. There was just a bit of froth that immediately dissipated, like on a glass of Moroccan tea, with no trace of carbonation in the mouth. I was prepared for lambic-brewery-loft-funk smells but was blindsided by a strong bolt of dry cider, some apple-peel sourness and a bit if apple-bruise sweetness, overall like sticking your head into the bottom of the sack brought home from the orchard. The flavor departed the cider theme with a smoky complexity, plus a grapefruit-y tartness and a little flick of brown sugar to leaven the sourness and make for a clean finish."
"If we didn't have a train to catch, we would have stayed and had much more."
"*Given its rather unique all-round character, all Marks stated are for the Lambik Style."
