review_text
""
"Had on tap at In de Verzekering tegen de Grote Dorst, listed as oude lambic so placing it here. Not sure how many years it has on it though. The pour is golden yellow with a thin white bubbly head. Some dusty attic notes with a touch of cheesy funk. Light dough and some appricot peach. The taste is a bit sweet with little funk. Doughy in the middle, light lactic notes with some sweet caramel and tasty appricots. Barely sour in the finish with a light body, soft feel and carbonation and a fairly dry finish."
"Cheers!"
""
"It was clear, dark golden color, and completely still. All the time in the barrel definitely took the fizz out, but it didn't stay long enough to get overly oxidized. I got some wheat grain in the flavor, easier to detect in the still versions and a very nice counterpoint to the lactic tartness. No real acetic component, this was more flavorful with all the things I could ask for that grow in dank dark areas. Delicious, I can't believe so few reviews for this one, I'll try it again any time."
"D- Very drinkable- quaffable. Could drink this all night long!"
"I drank this 3 yr old lambic from one of the huge ex-Pilsner Urquell 1000 ltr Oak Casks at the De Cam Stekerij during my visit at Easter 2002. Up until then, the oldest unblended lambic that I had ever drunk was 2 yrs old. This 3 yr old was almost completely flat, but did have some trace carbonation. A dark golden amber color, it was murky, but not muddy. Feint dank smells, you could almost imagine yourself wandering through the deep damp cellars that contain the Pipes & Foudres of slowly aging lambics. There really is very little aroma other than this, so it is hard to mark, I give it 3.0, because for the style this is not uncommon apparently. On reflection, perhaps this is a little harsh, it is definitely not average, but exceptional. The Brettanomyces Brothers, Bruxellensis & Lambicus, had done their work well in this batch, and produced an awesome, majestic sourness coupled with a taste of farmyard mustiness, wet hay, horses, mushrooms, cobwebs & damp walls, with hints of Sherry. This was just the most amazing beer tasting to which words simply cannot do justice. At times it felt like a microbiological experience. Soon to continue its long journey and be blended with younger lambics to form the next batch of De Cam Gueuze, subsumed & forgotten forever. Thanks must go to the De Cam blender, Karel Goddeau, for allowing us to steal some of this key ingredient. What a Treat. But rarely seen, tasted or sold as a 3 yr old unblended lambic. What an Absolutely Tragic Shame!"
