review_text
""
"The pour is a hazy golden/yellow color with a tall white head. Smells really, really funky. Rice, anise, lots of barnyard, and tons of yeast. Sort of a sake like aroma to it. A bit of citrus and bread, too. Light lactic tartness on the back end. The flavor is similarly interesting. Intense funk of yeast and bacteria. Sake, rice, light mildew, and barnyard. Definite anise, some malt, citrus peel, and lemon. I actually thought this was pretty good."
"Any beer labeled lambic (or wild ale), is one I am game to try. And if it's from Japan?? All the more reason. This was certainly unique, but for a lot of reasons I am not entirely digging. I am routinely down for trying odd and unusual foods (or beers) from different areas, but this beer strikes me as too far eastern struck. The honey tones...interesting, I suppose. But none of this really hits me as pleasant. The beer makes me think too much. And I already do that enough as it is."
""
"Pours a slightly murky watery brown with a 1 inch white head that fades to an oily cap. No lacing whatsoever. Smell is of grains, spices, citrus, and yeast. Taste is very yeast forward (almost Belgian yeast flavored), grains, and lemony/citrus flavors. No real funky or tart smells or flavors on this one. A good level of carbonation with a crisp and smooth mouthfeel. Overall, this is a pretty good beer but not what I was expecting at all."
"A simple carefully crafted beer with little in common with the listed style, though it embodies a pleasing connection to nature."
"i could drink this all day. Very nice beer and highly recommended."
"The beer pours a murky light yellow color with a white head. The aroma is wheat with some light tartness. The flavor is tart with sour lemons and sour wheat notes. Overall, a relatively low level of tartness but the finish is quite tart. Medium mouthfeel and medium carbonation."
"D: I didn't know what to expect with a Japanese lambic, but I'm always up for a new spontaneously fermented beer. The Japanese craft brewers are really doing some great and interesting experimentation, this is no exception. I think any champagne lover would get a kick out of this as it's got a wine-like quality, and it's well on par with the likes of Temptation and Belgian gueuze."
"D: Yes, please!"
"Nuit De Japon at Dieu De Ciel, and one of two beers enjoyed on tap from this unique brewer. Wild yeast and open fermentation. Dark colour with noticeable lace. Funky aroma. Carbonation is right there (glad I waited a couple hours). Mouthfeel OK. Taste is wine, grapey with chocolate malt."
