review_text
"The cap popped off without any untoward events and I was sort of gentle on my pour. This still created three-plus fingers of rocky, bone-white head with moderate retention. Color was a Golden-Amber (SRM = > 5, "
""
"I usually don't pair beer with food, but since we're doing the smoked thing here, I think this would pair beautifully with smoked salmon. Add goat cheese and a crostini, and voila! Barbecue or other smoked meats would be great, as well."
"Better than your average Turkish beer but I'd be really curious to see what they were thinking when they put this together."
"This poured out as a copper colored beer with not a lot of head on it. The aroma was very mostly like any other lager other there with just a little bit of a smoked smell to it. The flavor of this beer is of malts and some hops nothing outstand really, the aftertaste gives off a little salty smokiness. The mouthfeel is pretty light and not very complex to sat the least. This brew overall isn't that great of a smoked beer. I suppose if you're new to the whole thing you can try it and see what you think."
"Nasty diacetyl. Gross movie popcorn type of diacetyl. It takes over all flavors and the finish is thick and narsty. No smoke, I don't know what this is? This is close to undrinkable."
"Pours a light brown with average head. Smells very sweet with a hint of smoke aroma. But when you taste it - wow - overpowering smoke flavor. It almost has a flavor of burnt wood even. giving the impression of an old campfire. Mouthfeel is average, drinkability not really high, but it's excellent in cooking. Easily imparts a good smoked flavor to dishes that wouldn't normally be amenable to smoking. Maybe not great to drink, but a decent cooking beer."
"I imagine that this might be a decent rauchbier, but it doesn't appeal to me. I find the smoke on the tongue to be a tad too strong, particularly because of the lighter malts. No notable hop. Thin body, but appropriately so."
"Drinkability: Despite being a wretched example of a Rauchbier, it is somewhat drinkable. Not quite a drain pour."
"D: smelled like bbq, but taste like potato? very weird...not recommended, very strange brew"
"D: Not a big fan of this one, i have no idea what you would serve or eat this with, hard to finish the bottle. This is very deceiving, smell great but thats about it."
"D - The diacetyl in this beer is way too much for being acceptable. That aside, this is just an average lager with a hint of smoke. I really wanted to like this beer too, as I'm partial to smoked beers, but this just doesn't fit the bill, recipe or brewing practice. Spend your money elsewhere, but not on a BMC. If you're interested in Turkish beer, check out Efes."
"D: an unsuccessful copy of german rauchbier. does not have the full body and taste of the real stuff. Not necessarily a bad beer, the quality is not below average, but even the abv 4.5% tells that this beer is too light to be a rauchbier."
"Overall, we thought this brew to encompass typical characteristics of any Rauchbier, and ultimately found it to be an interesting find. Our favorite part about it was the creamy slurpiness lent by the carbonation and the billowy head."
