review_text
""
"Somewhat sweet but really good smoke flavour. Tons of toasty, bacon-y goodness. Looks good too."
"B-"
"slightly below the Schlenkerla Helles."
""
""
""
"Overall, it has some pleasant characters, but it's a pretty weak example of a rauch. As much as the initial characters are promising, it just falls flat, and ends up pretty bland."
"1276"
"D- I honestly expected a lot more smokiness. As it warmed the smoke came through a bit more. Very enjoyable and to style nonetheless."
"This is a nice-looking brew: a beautiful clear copper-gold color with a white head and great lace. The smell has a very light smoke nose. The smoke is not quite as intense as I expected. (Think of it not as standing near a fire, but smelling the smoke on something that had recently been near the fire). There is a little lightly toasted malt underneath the smoke. Not bad. The taste is fairly dry, with a sharpness and starkly character (a little on the acidic side?). Not much in the way of hop notes. The smoke is still present in the taste, but far quieter than it is in the smell. The mouthfeel is very light and somewhat bright. Decently drinkable. Nothing special."
"This is my first Rauchbier and while I found the smoke interesting there just wasn't enough. After reading some reviews of others beers in the style I think I chose poorly. I'll have to revisit this style again and make a more thoughtful selection."
"Overall, it is a refreshing brew. The taste was a little too delicate for me. I was pleased at first, but by the end it started tasting like water. Nontheless, it's a beer I would choose when introducing someone to craft brew."
"Had this around the same time as the Spezial Rauch Lager. Both were very similar. Pours clear gold with a short white head. Smoky sweet nose. Sweet taste, kind of a pilsener with a smoky finish. Fair mix of malt and hops. Okay, but if you are claiming to be a smoked beer, BE MORE SMOKEY."
"Not as intense in smoke flavor as I was expecting, but nonetheless could make a nice training wheels rauch for those looking to jump into the style."
"One of the more drinkable Rauchbiers available, tasty and smoky without wiping out your sense of taste."
"Overall, pretty drinkable. A decent version of the style; I just wish the smokey aspect of this brew was more pronounced. Still, I wouldn't turn one down if offered."
"The harmony of flavors is very good. I just wish that those flavors had a bit more intensity. But the mouthfeel is elegant, and the smoke enhances the malty flavors without overwhelming them. There are more flavorful examples of the rauchbier style available, but this one is graceful, nicely balanced, and well made."
"Light meaty/smoked aroma. Tall, frothy, dirty white head fades briskly as bits of lace are pulled down with it. Deep golden beer holds a few streams of carbonation. A mild malty sweetness forms the base and it holds until late in the game. Toward the finish there is a bit of campfire mixed with spicy hop bite. Mild carbonation mixed with a moderately full body make for a beer that goes down easy. A mild and balanced smoked beer. You don't see many of these."
"BB 21-02-07. Good appearance with lasting white head and golden-bronze beercollor, nice and bright. Nose is malts in sweetsmoke and not as sharp in the nose as a schenkerla but obviously there. Next to that litle hoppyness. Taste is strong and full bodied; sweet caramellic malts, smoke and good bitterness. Well drinkable beer"
