review_text
""
"Bottle from the originating North Wales brewpub. Slightly off-white head on yellow body. Smoke wafts yet it is not overwhelming the palate. Smoked wood and malts, vey smooth mouthfeel with a fruity and orange finish. Caramel. Bold taste. Very drinkable. Nicely done."
""
""
""
""
""
"This beer poured out much lighter than expected. The color of the beer was a hazy yellow color with a really nice white domed head on top. The lacing left behind was scattered but still very nice. The smell of the beer was indeed smokey but had some faint malt aromas in there too. The smell was mostly a salty smoke flavor, not overwhelming. The mouthfeel was nice. Overall it fits the style pretty well."
"O: Admittedly my first encounter with the style and I wasn't really sure what to expect. That being said, this beer is incredibly drinkable and while the flavor was very awkward at the start, I found myself getting used to and enjoying it more and more as time went on. A great introduction to the rauchbier style. Worth picking up."
"O: I'm normally not one for smoked beers, but this wasn't too terrible. Probably couldn't drink too much, but good to try at least."
"D-very easy drink here and probably one of the most subtle and inviting smoke presences of any rauchbier I have had. the juicy hop presence balances it very well and adds a nice refreshing dimension."
"This is for the bottle entry, I think this should be merged with ""Bamberg Style Rauchbier"" as it's the same bottle. Pours a very clear medium gold/orange with a large white head. Nose is what I would describe as a Vienna malt with some yeasty influence, and a beautiful salty smoked ham. Mouth is at first just a touch of yeast and light grains, and this really lovely smokey quality. I've had smoked beers before and haven't enjoyed one nearly this much. Light bitterness at the tail end. The smoke expresses itself in bacon or cured ham, it's fairly light but marries perfectly. I feel like I could down a 750ml of this quickly and easily. 3.8% abv, wow. This is a benchmark for this style, absolutely no off flavors, just so interesting and pleasant."
"Drinkability: This is a beer worthy of driving long distances for. I love this style and it may be my favorite American version of the style. The smoke balances with the caramel malt perfectly. True to the German style with an American kick...Go get this one."
"Arrived with a finger's worth of off-tan head with decent retention. Color was a slightly hazy golden honey-yellow. Nose had a perfect light smokiness that would make it perfect for the beginner, yet palatable for the initiated. Mouthfeel was medium with a mildly smoky, slightly tart taste on the tongue. Finish was just smoky enough to make the German in me smile. I love this kind of thing from our American craft brewers!"
"This is a world class rauchbier and probably the most drinkable example I've tasted. Well crafted."
"D: More, please! The ale lacks an alcohol presence but it cracks a solid flavor. A nice take on the style."
"This is my first foray into this style. While the beer wasn't bad, I didn't particularly enjoy it that much. Given that I've had lots of other Iron Hill beers and enjoyed them tremendously, I have come to the conclusion that; rather than this being a poor representation of the style, I must just not enjoy this style of beer personally."
"Nicely done Rauchbier here with just the right amount of smokey quality that keeps you interested but also doesn't detract from the drinkibility. I unfortunately skipped this when it was on draft last month but I wont' make the same mistake next time I see it!"
"d: I'm not very well acquainted with smoked beers, but this one just felt right."
"Mouthfeel is great with a nice flavor spread throughout the entire mouth. Drinkability is better than most Rauchbiers, I could actually do a growler of this stuff. If you like smoke type beers, this one is for you."
"This is quite quaffable, though it does drink quite a bit bigger than the 3.8% alcohol would suggest. In another beer the crazy under-attenuation might get to me, but I really like the fullness that this beer has, it really seems to work in this smoky brew On the other hand, at this alcohol level, a 750ml bottle is quite easy to knock back. Wow, I just sneezed quite vigorously and it really opens up a new level to the smoke aromatics in this brew; rich smoked aromas seemed to be pasted to my scent receptors for a minute or so after sneezing; I highly recommend it if you get the chance."
"Over all, it’s not a bad attempt at a Rauch. The flavor was a bit of a let down, but combined with the smell, it kept a lot of its drinkability."
"Cheers!"
"Hazy copper beer that grows a magnificient, nicely lacing off-white foam that lasts forever. Step by step aromatic evolution, displaying layers over layers in perfect disposition of apricot, diplomatic complementary smoke, peach, orange – just all around well fruited. The malts got that pleasant toasty character that I dig in german examples, though the fruitiness is wider here, mangoish and delicately woody. Incredibly flavourful for such a light weight ABV-wise. The carbonation is silky smooth if tongue-cleansing, while the body is light to medium in size. Thanks Martin."
"Mouthfeel is caramel sweet, and semi-dry."
