review_text
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Nice - if only every lager had this much character! Well-balanced flavour with a good malty backbone. The smoke is obvious but not overwhelming. Well worth trying if you like smoked beers."
"Apparently this beer style is second to David Hasselhoff as far as being loved by Germans, intriguing… Served from bottle with a cork that had a moldy base into a Mikkeller oversized wine glass. Poured a massively dark brown basically black with a minimal khaki colored head. Maintained nice lacing throughout the glass. The aroma was comprised of sweet malt, smoked malt, smoke, and ham. The flavor was of sweet malt, smoke, ham, milk chocolate, and dark chocolate. It had a medium feel on the palate with mild carbonation. Overall this was a pretty good brew. I can see why Germans love this style of brew as it is one of my favorites out there too. The smokey tones come through very nicely on this brew and are quite refreshing. I was quite concerned upon inspecting and smelling the cork. Note for future openers of beers with moldy corks; DO NOT SMELL IT! Really glad this didn’t translate into the beer at all. A definite must try if you get the opportunity to do so."
""
""
""
""
"This is a very unexpectedly nice beer. The smokey, full body actually makes for a solid cold weather offering."
""
""
""
""
"This was ultimately not worth the hype or pricetag, but it's interesting. It's kinda surprising that the rauch-schwarz isn't a more common style, but I find it more compatible with a bock or wheat."
"91."
"O: A very nice beer that straddles the line of a schwarzbier and a rauchbier. The chocolate and light smoke combine nicely to make a rather easy drinking beer."
"the CPJ"
"Pure black,dark amber to the light.Beige foam,dense & close.Thick layer.Fairly good retention,no lacing rings.Toasted malts,mildy smoky & hints of dry nuts aromas.Light bitterness.Toasted malt flavor in a light & smooth body.Dark fruits & smoky notes on the aftertaste.Very good drinkability.Refreshing."
"Overall, I definitely enjoyed this one. It was a beer that I have been wanting to try for awhile and I am glad it showed up on tap. It was easy to drink and very pleasant."
"D/O: This beer provides a dark but neutral palette for the wood smoke that is on display to good effect here. It would seem noteworthy, as in ""Flying Dog made an impressive beer!"" if not for the unsettling acidity that is felt on the palate. So close, Flying Dog..."
"I like this quite a bit, the flavors were deep and interesting, its almost like a good smoked porter that went really light on the roasted malts opting for a heavy dose of dark crystals instead. Fun beer."
"Overall, a pleasant rauchbier. The dark fruit tartness surprised me. The smoke had a definite presence, but wasn't overpowering."
"O - This is a very enjoyable smoked beer and a good effort from Flying Dog I really liked this one worth trying if toy ever see it around"
"O: Just enough smoke in the finish to make it a unique flavor on its own and really brought out the sweet heat of my meal. The 7.8 % ABV is detected, but it doesn't impede the sweet roasted malts and smoky finish. Quite tasty and brought out the flavors of my loaded up, grilled sausage burger nicely."
"Overall, I liked this one. A tasty and approachable smoked beer, drinks pretty easy, I think even non smoked beer folks would enjoy drinking this."
"O: I guess I was expecting the smoke flavor to be more prominent, but to be fair, the beer is probably about 3 years old and has held up very well. It was expensive for what it was, but I'd certainly pay $14-15 for a four pack of this if Flying Dog ever added it to their Canis Major series."
"This beer pours out like a cola color with a thick tan colored head on it. The head leaves a really good lacing down the glass. The smell of the beer isn't heavily smoked which I personally like. There is a light hop aroma along with the roasted malts on the nose just beyond the smoke. The taste isn't overly smokey either, it's a got a strong hoppiness to it than anything else I think. Perhaps it's the bitterness from the dark malts I'm getting. The mouthfeel is lighter than I expected it to be. Overall it was pretty good, I'm not sure if I'd seek it out again."
"O - Quite nice. Very drinkable for a smoked brew."
"For the cash i am unsure why this is so expensive?! It's nothing like a Aecht Schlenkerla rauchbier. Try their beers and if possible share this don waste your time."
"O: I like the smoke, but the flavor is just off"
"D_Most American smoked or rauchs can't equal Aecht Schlenkerla but this one does. Highly drinkable."
"An interesting beer, poured cola with a light tan head smell is sweet and malty maybe a bit like cocoa powder. Taste is sweet with a bitter finish not, in extreme but just enough to make it work as a bitter sweet taste. has alot in common with a porter or stout but with an interesting almost licorice finish. It has a smooth finish, and as such is very drinkable."
"Beer is medium to light in body with a nice midpalate full of hickory smoke. The finish is mildly bitter and has an odd almost tannic quality to it. This is why I think the bottle was old, I think it may have been slightly corked. As the beer waremed up it got a little more bitter and started tasting like cork. The smoke and mild sweetness seemed to be unaffected by late corkiness but it did distract and detract from the overall experience of the beer."
"Cool looking 25 oz bottle, rating this from memory. Pours a cola brown with a medium head. Quite smoky and malty in the nose, some European hops, a touch of bacon grease. Mouth was a touch smoky but not over the top. Nice hop presence, smoky malt, not remembering all of this to be fair, but it was good. Not the amazing smoked ham quality that the best beers of this style have."
"(D) Great Drinkability and was a beer that I really enjoied. Could see me self having a couple of these!"
"D: Very smooth and filled with flavor. Smoked malts are in good portion."
"Atmosphere is pretty solid. Dark intimidating appearance with a giant frothy head. Nose is very distinctive and full. You take a whiff and it just hangs there in the nostrils. Flavor is full and robust with very strong wood and smoke components. Very rich. After a few drinks, you'll want to set it aside and try again later. Overall, this is a really good quaff."
"This has a very smooth mouth feel and very drinkable. Everything is nicely balance and I thought it was a very good beer."
"more of a rauchbier than a schwarzbier, but eh.... Very good, if misleading. Poured with a light tan head and a little lace. Color is an opaque black. Aroma is mainly smokey, plus malty, spicey, yeasty. Flavor is like aroma plus a hint of a tart tang. Perhaps the most smokey yet drinkable beer that I've had. Great body and carbonation. Finish is very good although a little boozy."
"Flavor matches the aroma well, kicking up the hops and alcohol a notch but the malts are still on-point. Soily chocolate, peat, and smoke combine with a resinous, green ethanol presence on the finish. Very carbonated, perhaps too much so, with a warming note from the alcohol. Medium mouthfeel and somewhat dry on the palate. Overall, Dog Schwarz is a bit boozy to be drinkable, but this is easily one of Flying Dog's better beers."
"D: I love this beer. I didn't think it was going to be fantastic as it was a closeout beer at my local beer store, but I wouldn't mind having a case of this stuff around for cool camping nights. Definitely grab one if you have the chance."
"Overall I like this beer. The balance is really quite good, without any flavor overpowering any other. That said, I feel like the roasty flavors are almost too subtle. If they were a little more forward I think this could be a really outstanding brew."
"F: Semi bitter, drier, lingering smoke and smoked meat. Some syrupy sweetness as well."
"Alcohol is not discernable, so this one is very drinkable, especially if you're hungry..."
"A fine bomber to be appreciated. SMoked malt, chocolate malts, pale malts. A balanced not overly complex beer. Not too much smoke, or shwartz, or carbonation, just finely drinkable. Pours dark brown with brownish big foamy head. Wood dry smoke in the aroma. Lots of lace. Though would like more shwartzbier flavours, and thicker, this was unique and enjoyable."
"To be honest, this didn't live up to my expectations. Definitely a good beer, but I didn't think it had enough of a smoked character to categorize it as such. Seems to me it's a schwarzbier with some slightly smoky elements. I guess I'm just suffering from some expectation dissonance, but this is by no means a bad beer."
"drinkability: easy to drink for a chocolate beer and a higher ABV"
"With a highly aggressive pour you get a momentary head of close to a finger but zero retention and soon enough the dark brown froth is all gone, no real lacing. Pitch black liquid, not even a hint of color to be found, the liquid does look pretty clean though. Caramel, molasses, brown sugar, lots of sweet wood smoke without any archness, raisin, cherry, currant fruit in keeping with the other scents, given the type of scents found, dry presence in your nostrils, dusty cocoa powder wins out in the end. Medium-bodied, bottom heavy with the weight it has, anchors itself on your tongue. The smokiness gets close to being salty, aided by elevated graininess and pumpernickel notes. As expected, chocolate, coffee, caramel and molasses the primary mover, dryness does not have a negative impact on the vibrancy of these flavors. With more sips a pork rind perfume develops. Carbonation trifling, hard to say if it even tries to motivate. Smokiness hard to wash out of the mouth which is, after all, the point. (Cork and wire)"
"D-Being a smoked beer fan in general I was quite impressed with this. Nice smoke and roasted notes blend well and form a delightfully drinkable brew."
"Pours dark brown to black with a a light brown head. Lots of smoke in the aroma as well as roasted malt. Very inviting and unique aroma. The flavor is smoke, roasted malt and some coffee towards the end. Medium/thick mouthfeel and medium carbonation. A very good beer and one of the best from Flying Dog."
"Reviewed on 09/24/2009. Bottle. Pours black with a small tan head. Aroma of smoked meats, oak, smoke. Flavor of smoke, lots of oak/cedar/wood, roasted malt. Pretty decent smoked, easy drinking. Not quite understanding the $18 price tag on this one though."
"D - Great smoked beer overall but might be too overwhelming to drink in big quantities."
"Poured from corked 750ml bottle. Had a hell of a time getting the cork out. Poured into a pint glass. Pours black with a nice velvety dark tan head, size about two fingers that lingers around for a awhile. Nose is roasted malt with some smoke notes. First sip...upfront the flavors are roasted malt, raisons, some coffee, and a nice background smoke flavor. Mid glass the beer is less complex, mostly malt and smoke notes. The end of the glass and the smoke is in the front of the beer. The mouth is good, not to heavy with just the right amount of carbination. A good beer, excited to pour a second glass."
"Overall, a bit of a letdown. Hurts that I got had a couple Schlenkerla's recently which are by far the best in the class. This one is very pricey and I just didn't get the bang for the buck so mild recommend. Rotation - avail here in TX. Due to the price and lack of the smoke bomb, I'd have to say one and done."
"If you're not big on bitterness, this is not your beer. It's also significantly smokier than many beers claiming to be smoked. Kind of like a very dry Dry Stout. Phonetic spelling of Schwarz is a nice touch."
"Reviewing them side by side is the only sensible way to choose between Weizenbock and Dog Schwarz as the best of the Flying Dog Wild Dog series (of those that I've had so far). Unfortunately, the insane price of $18.59 for this bottle ensures that that comparison will never come to pass. If it was $12, I'd buy this one again. In a heartbeat."
"D - only 7.8%...strong flavor and malts make this a savory delight. pair it with food. hard to find, but if you see it, get it."
"Good smoked beer. No Schlenkerla, but it has enough smoke to keep things interesting."
"I was suprised to see this bottle in the bottleshop as ive never heard of it b4 and usually hear about most of the Flying Dog brews b4 they arrive so stoked to try something a little different from them anyways the brew pours a lucious dark chocolate colour with a nice tan one finger head and sporadic lacing,the aroma is definately original it has smells of an open woodfire,liquorice,chocolate and some boozy coffee,it has a nice silky mouthfeel which fills the palette with tastes of expresso,dark chocolate,roasted malts and also some dark berries and the ABV is well hidden but the last taste it leaves you with i find is the dominant coffee flavour almost like you have just drank a coffee which probably made my drinkability not that high but dont get me wrong i will easily finish this 750ml bottle."
"I personally cannot finish this bottle, but like I said, I think it is just that I'm not familiar with the style. At least I tried something new this week!!"
"Poured into heavy glass chalice, formed a 1/4"" light brown head over the opaque dark brown/black brew. Head quickly morphs into a swirly coat, with bubbles at the rim, with lasting sticky lace. Aroma is smoke and dark fruits. Taste starts lightly smoky, goes nicely sweet with dark maltiness in the middle, and a lightly fruity boozy finish. Mouthfeel is velvety smooth, and drinkability is good as well. Nice brew."
"Medium body, lower carbonation. Alcohol well hidden. Very well done."
"This poured a nearly opaque black mahogany with some tan head. It smelled like lots of smoke and oak and peat, with some roasted barley and molasses and coffee. It tasted like smoke and oak and peat and roasted coffee, with some burnt barley and a bit of molasses. It was fairly thick with a bit of carbonation, and had a bitter smoky aftertaste. Overall this had a nice rich flavor with great body. It had tons of smoke, of course, but it wasn't too overwhelming, and the peat flavors made this seem more like scotch. The alcohol was hidden quite well, but this is still more of a sipping beer due to the bold flavors. This beer would be perfect with a BBQ cookout."
"D: This is a very tasty (to me) beer, but such strong flavors and the 7.5% ABV could make this a challenge to even finish, much less drink more than one."
"The excessive carbonation can be a bit annoying at first, luckily some persistent, aggressive swirling brings this down to a reasonable level. The initial, hard carbonation accentuates a burnt, roast vegetal note (that I find in some roasted grain / malt heavy beers) that is a touch off putting, but remains fairly light and does disappear as the carbonation does. In the end this beer is quite enjoyable, I like how the light smokiness makes this a rich tasting brew (even though the aroma is a touch too flat, though still enjoyable). Definitely another solid Wild Dog beer from this brewery."
"D: I liked this one. The smoky character takes the lead from start to finish, but it never gets too overpowering or cloying. Instead, it's rather delicate actually."
"Drinkability - delicious stuff (once you get the bottle open). Would definitely have again."
"If there's anything to fault the Dog Schwarz, it's just that there's just not enough of the Dog Schwarz! The restraint of the smokiness, and the superb balance are great, but at the same time I really feel there could have been more flavor overall and still maintained the balance. Overall, it's more like a smoked schwarz than a ""double"" smoked schwarz. On that note I'm off, I've got to try to sell the empty bottle on eBay to recoup some of my costs!!!"
"Drinkability: A pleasant, quaffable, bumped up smoked-schwartz, but, at the prickly price of $18.25 a bottle, this'll have to be a one-time visit."
"FYI - Flying Dog has a brewery tour every Sat. @ 1:30pm. $5 gets you a glass, tour and 6 samples. My wife misses me on Saturdays."
"drinkability is good. this is not much of a schwarzbier, but for a dark smoked beer this is very well put together and quite tasty. definitely worth the price. cheers!"
"Poured dark black, with brown edges, and an averaged sized off white head. Aromas of smoke, roastiness, chocolate, caramel, and coffee. Tastes of smoke, chocolate, lighter roastiness, and coffee."
"Thanks to Krog for sharing this. It was a deliciously balanced, strong smoke beer. Poured black with a short tan head. Sure, it tastes kind of like bacon, but like a good rauchbier, there's more to it. I'm reminded of the smell of cedar planks on the grill for a toasted wood flavor. The background malts have a touch of caramel with smooth dark chocolate. Very drinkable for a good smokey beer. Worth a try."
"I liked the effort here. A Schwarbier with a bit of smokey Rauch attitude seemed to be what they were shooting for here and for the most part, they succeeded. I personally would have liked to have had a bit more smoke in the taste but hey, that may just be me. On a side note, while I liked this for the most part, IMHO, this is not worth the $15-17 per bottle that most places are selling it for. They need to release this in six-packs and make it a fall release."
"A good variant of the Rauchbier. Generally found in amber beers out of Bamberg, Germany, they create a mouthful of beef jerky and bacon. However, with the darker, roastier flavors of a shwarzbier, and different complexity is created. Hint of chocolate, maybe dark fruit, are just highlights of something that tastes like it was pulled out of a campfire. This was a pricey beer, but definitely worth it. Highly recommended."
"D - The 7.5% dark lager/rauchbier qualities still well referenced. A very drinkable beer and one I would definietly look forward to tasting again, the combo of Schwarz/Rauch is very well matched I was wishing there was more when the bottle was finished."
"Light syrupy black and maple syrup colored brew. Great to finger plus brown head that quietly returns to the black. Smokey, hickory, some charcoal, heavily roasted malts, and even some pipe tobacco. Charcoal roasted malt that was first smoked over hickory, oak, and some peet. The smokey malts help accentuate the pipe tobacco flavor. While the peet rounds out the taste with an earthy finish. Very silky, but a little syrupy. Still a nice rauchbier. Good sipping."
"This brewery makes very good beers, but this one was definitely a letdown. With how good its overall rating is, I wonder if I might not have gotten a bad bottle. However, given the fact that a bottle runs about $16, I don't think I'll be testing that theory."
"750 ml. Dark chocolate pour with a beige head. Good head retention. Aroma is lots of malt and grass, some pine and chocolate. Very creamy mouthfeel, but pretty light bodied. Extreamly smooth roast malt and chocolate up front. Almost has a little milk stout characteristic to it. Enough hops to keep it honest though, but just barely. Just a hint of smokiness through the finish. Excellent drinkability. ABV non-existant. Maybe the best Schwarzbier/Rauch I've had. Exactly what I was looking for to watch my Spartans in round 2 of the NCAA."
"A very enjoyable and refreshing beer. Clean, simple, and characterful. At first I was apprehensive about opening the bomber because I didnt' know if the boldness and smoke flavor would wear on me quickly. But now that I am at the tail end of the bottle, I could easily open another. On a side note, it must have been hard for Flying Dog to make a sub-50IBU beer!?"
"Overall, a pretty amazing smoke beer. The balance act that this beer showed between the smokey flavor and the rest of the taste was a marvel in itself. It was the perfect combination of each."
"Popped this one open at the January Twin Cities BA Gathering. Poured a pitch black color with a petite brown head. The aroma was that of smoke which is not my favorite. The taste was plein de smoke along with some fruit. Although a smooth mouthfeel, this one just isn't that drinkable to me. I do not like smoky beers and this one definitely isn't worth its $17 price tag. Go ahead and try this one if its free but you're better off not wasting your money."
"Alcohol is masked nicely, letting the smoke, ham, sweetness and coffee intermingle and linger on the tongue. By far the best beer I've had from Flying Dog. A little overpriced, but worth the experience."
"D - This is a standout beer and one of the my top rated beers for the Rauch style."
"Pours a cloudy and opaque dark brown/black, thick tan head forms, drops some nice lacing, settles to a thick ring, great retention, looks real nice. Smell is awesome, very smokey, some caramel and biscuity malts, chocolate, roast, iron, very malty, light bit of spicy alcohol, perfect smokiness. Taste is similar, but also real nice, lots of smoke, caramel, roast, toasty malt, light fruit, raisins, some iron, real beef jerky smokiness, very clean flavour, really nice. Mouthfeel is medium bodied with low carbonation, buttery smooth. Great smoked beer, perfect amount and very drinkable. A real treat. Thanks Carl!"
"Appearance is good. Dark and smokey looking, with a decent head of tan bubbles. Smell is very smokey with a bit of dry malt and no really noticable hops. Taste is bacon grease... that is the only thing I can describe it as. Mouthfeel is pretty decent, low carbonation and medium in body. Drinkability is ok."
"I also have difficulty categorizing this beer. The label says it's a Smoked Double Lager, and calls it a Schwarzbier, but I have to agree with the previous reviewer and say that it is a Rauchbier. It's a dark brown color with beautiful red highlights. A thick tan head that left a bit of lacing. Once you catch a whiff, there's no doubt it's a Rauchbier. Very strong, but pleasant, smoke aroma. The smoke is less noticeable in the taste, where the malt predominates. Just an incredibly smooth beer, one that I want to get more of."
"""Second only to David Hasselhoff in the hearts of Germans, the Schwartz style was originaly brewed in the Eastern German state of Thuringia. Our brewers took this obscure black lager and sexed it up a little hoff-style by brewing a robust smoked double-schwartz."""
