review_text
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Note: Recommended with other Wychwood beers (especially hobgoblin and king goblin) whilst watching Tolkien adaptations (my friends and I put on the hobbit cartoon, this was a few years ago)."
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Overall - This is one of the best pale ales I've ever tried. Simple and delicious."
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Not bad, not great. Poured a clear copper color, not much of a head other than a few stray bubbles. Thin biscuity aroma, toffee and sweet malts. Mostly malty taste, caramel, some light fruits, toasted bread, and a bit of a hoppy aftertaste. A bit lacking overall in the flavor department. Quite light and a bit watery; moderately drinkable if your taste buds are meek, but probably nothing I'd want to have again."
"Overall, nice EPA. Easy to drink, smooth, and tasty."
"D - Quite drinkable because of the 5.2% and also a beer with flavor."
"Poured from a bottle into a mug. The beer pours with little to no head, and presents as a muddled copper-gold color. The beer has aromas of malt and the lightest hints of hops. The tastes are muddled, but there is a spicy undertone to it that is very intruiging. Unfortunately, there aren't the main flavors to back it up. Mostly a bland bit of malt again. The beer is light in mouth, leaving a bit of an unpleasant film behind. Not the easiest beer to drink, that is for sure."
"This english pale ale is different than American pale ales. It poured a medium brown color with a slight what I would call toffee scent. Upon tasting it had a bold toffee flavor. No bad aftertaste, definetly well made but not an everyday type of beer. Something nice to try."
"Good moderate carbonation and med-light body."
"Drinkability- on the first drink the drinkability seems poor as the bitterness overpowers the rest of the flavours, but as one continues to drink they slowly come out and reveal their intricacies, all in all quite well suited to sessions"
"Overall, I truly enjoyed this beer. My second of the Wychwood lineup, this beer certainly satisfied and left me wishing I had more. A very drinkable beer."
"Fiddler's Elbow is a solid example of the style. Like many English ales, let this one warm up to get the most....okay, maybe a fresh cask would get you the most out of this beer."
"Drinkability: Outstanding pale ale. The initial smooth, buttery taste develops into a full caramel finish that simply is excellent."
"Drinkability : a good beer is the style English Extra Strong Bitter (with unusual mixture of barley and wheat)."
"Drinkability: A great pale ale. Flavorful, yet easy to drink, I would certainly have this one again, if the opportunity presented itself."
"Drinkability is fine. This is a very easy drinking ale, one that is arguably suitable for a session with friends. Again, the somewhat subdued character is a double edged sword. Very refreshing, but the overall character was a bit lacking at the finish."
"Drinkability: Very very drinkable. Definetly can see myself downing a few pints with some mates at a pub. A great session beer."
"Mouthfeel is crisp and refreshing, as well as lively."
"Overall: it's 'average' right down the line. A bit boring, lacking in any real defining character."
"It's an average example of the style but regardless, would probably taste better from a tap. Worth a try only if you like Wychwood's output."
"The feel was on the light side of medium and a tab bit watery. The carbonation was pretty sharp and left a nice tingle in the aftertaste which was quite clean and a bit dry. Pretty easy to drink, but relatively normal otherwise."
"Im not a giant fan."
"D - Goes down easy and leaves nice hoppy, fruity after taste. Refreshing for a hot day definitely."
"It's a pretty nice example of an English pale, pleasant and drinkable."
"D- It's like a good flavored water so have a bunch"
"Solid English Pale; not the best of the lot but provides a healthy pint of the good stuff when the mood strikes."
"D -- Very drinkable beer - goes down real easy. I could drink probably 2 of these 16 oz. bottles with no difficulty. A very good example of the style and something I would like to drink with dinner."
"It is very smooth and the very thin mouthfeel continues to hold the floral and bitter-bready notes through the aftertaste. The aftertaste is slightly more astringent and not as clean as is common in this style."
"I really didn't enjoy this one and it didn't stand out at all."
"Poured into a wheat type glass. Cloudy yellow/gold with a big head to start that slowly goes into a ring with not much lacing. Odd aroma, can't quite describe it. Taste of biscuts and very sour in the finish. Can't say I would seek this one out again. Was not awful but just not for me."
"Delicately hopped up front with a nice biscuit malt balance followed again by a stronger hop presence and a dry slightly bitter. Very slightly tartness with some slight crisp fruit. Okay session beer but nothing worth seeking out again."
"Final Thoughts: Another all around solid offering by Wychwood. Not exactly my favorite style, as I enjoyed Hobgoblin a bit more, but for the style it is quite good. This beer I can see going great with seafood, that's for sure. Certainly worth buying, even if pale ale's aren't your favorite style and a must if you do enjoy them."
"Slight hop bitterness in front fades into a roasted coffee rich flavor with anise showing up to on the back end. The mouth feel of this is great, really full and creamy without being to cloying. The aftertaste shows mostly the roast flavor and just a bit of the hops as well, giving this beer a spicy kind of aspect to it. Overall this is a really solid stout, and at 10.99 a sixer and only 6%, I'm only a little bummed."
"Overall, easy to drink, certainly sessionable-A fine typical English ale-Nothing fancy, just pleasant, understated and drinkable"
"Pours a slightly hazed caramel amber hue with a big off white khaki head forms thick with a nice evenly strung layer of lacing around my imperial pint willi style glass. Aroma has a nice caramel malt presence with earthy and citric coated hops. A very funky English yeast edge brings a pleasing nut quality to the table as well within this mildly fruity and floral English style pale ale. Dry but sharply fruity in flavor, not overly sweet but nice prickly sweet red apple notes. Hops bring out a citrus finish with an earthy muddled bitterness blended with characteristic yeast that this brewer uses. Not much poetry or cohesion going on but a flavorful English style pale, that's been on most of us craft beer drinkers early inspiration lists. Mouthfeel is pretty light to medium light in the spectrum of beer carbonation is soft and some what creamy a nice sessionability comes my way with this brew. Easy going with some very English appeal if that's your thing, I'm down to try other brews from Wychwood, it's been awhile. I also picked up a 12 oz Hobgoblin...this one happened to a 16 ouncer."
"Overall: The mouth feel of the beer is slight carbonated and astringent. The Body of the beer is medium light and the finish is light. The beer has a nice complex flavor with an easiness to drink. I really enjoyed the beer."
"OVERALL: Quite enjoyed this one. A very tasty and enjoyable English Ale. Wychwood is a little underrated, but they certainly make some good stuff. Recommend picking this one up if you haven't already."
"Notes: My 2-yr old son was throwing a tennis ball to the dog while I was sipping this one outside. The ball bounced off my shoulder and landed in the pint glass. I shrugged it off -- I'd drank about 2/3 of the bottle already and didn't consider it to be all that much of a loss. I went inside and poured a Nugget Nectar for my next beer, and despite the NN being about 7 mos old, I liked it better."
"As far as drinkability I could see myself having a few of these in one sitting. It is a nice, refreshing, beer with a refrishing fruity quality that reminds me of Hazed & Infused for some reason."
"As for drinkability, it's not a wow beer and I could see myself getting bored of it real quick. Yeah. You know. I enjoy reviewing bad beers and good beers and unusual beers and interesting beers, but mediocre beers...why do I even bother?"
"500ml bottle. Pours clear amber with a decent eggshell head that settles quickly. Smells of typical English caramel malts and faint grassy hop; somewhat fruity. The taste is even weaker--rather nondescript malt with biscuity notes alongside a hint of bitterness. Both tastes and feels watery. Characterless."
"Very nice, would be killer on tap."
"D - This is a very drinkable and nice session ale. Easy drinking, not too bready, and yet complex enough to satisfy a beer connosseur. A truly proper English ale."
"This is the last of the English beers my Dad left at my house after his last visit. And I wasn't tremendously impressed with it...thought it roughly comparable or slightly better than the Batemans XXXB. I am pretty unmoved by the ESB style, and this one struck me in aroma as mercaptan-y at first, but that seemed to fade as I reached the bottom of the glass. Still, there is definitely something compost-y in the aroma and something pretty grainy or unpleasantly cereal-y in the flavor. Color is dark/murky and cloudy and head is tiny bubbles but pretty fragile. Aroma is vaguely earthy and has a vegetation/mercaptan element also. Flavor is distinctly malty with a vegetable note, some earthiness, and a very faint hoppiness. OK, but not something I'd seek out. Can't say I'd recommend it, but I've had worse."
"D- i always love a good british beer and wychwood doesn't disappoint. their whole image is kinda 'out there' and i dig that. this one is summery alright, despite the overall sense of autumn and harvest, and perhaps my favorite offering so far from the brewer. smooth and dry and flavorful and modest at the same time. something i might seek a case of..."
"This one's a pass for me, just doesn't pull it all together in the end, and even then I'm not sure that would be enough to make it palatable enough."
"Impressed with the smooth, creamy head following the pour, that lasted well past the half way point while drinking it. The taste was well balanced, but a little more hoppy than expected. Based on the aroma and taste, I think I would enjoy this one even more served at a slightly warmer temperature; I pulled it straight from the fridge."
"m- slightly watery feel, light, med low carbonation. goes down very easy with little to say about it"
"this beer pours a nice golden color with a nearly white head that recedes to a ring of lace. the aroma is really pretty decent, lots of noble hops very aromatic for an english ale. the taste is sufficient for an english ale but nothing to write home about the not a lot of malt character, but still not a bad flavor with the bright hop finish. the light body and low carbonation are good for the style, and i wouldn't mind finding it on cask."
"The taste is similar, lightly toasty yeasty bread, leafy-earthy-citrusy hops, all very fresh. The feel lis light and lively, yet still full-bodied. It is very smooth, crisp and refreshing, and easily drinkable, yet has solid, complex taste and body."
"Mouthfeel is thin to medium bodied with a soft carbonation"
"mid body beer. adequate carbonation. i may buy this again. wheat beers usually goes over well with some company i keep."
"D: This seems to be a very drinkable beer due to the fact that it goes down so smooth and does not seem very filling and yet it has a good taste that i would not get sick of. If i could find this beer around where i live i would definitly buy it agian"
"Drinkability: An easy drinking, and unassuming pale ale. Hops could factor into this a little more, but all in all, not bad."
"Yuck. Its like and ESB-Lite. Light amber pour. Forced a short-lived head out of it. Dank aroma of malt and sawdust. Metallic bitter taste with malt and bark-like flavor. It does have a pleasant caramel finish, but it does little to save this beer. Avoid"
"This poured a hazy dark amber with almost no head. It smelled like earthy caramel and honey malts and orange hops, with a bit of creamy yeast. It tasted like earthy barley with dirty tea leaves, and a bit of lemon hops. It was watery with some carbonation, and had an earthy bitter aftertaste. Overall this was similar to the Scarecrow, but not quite as citrus, and was even dirtier tasting. It just wasn't a good flavor, and only an OK body. This was seriously only barely worth finishing."
"Medium body with some carbonation, with decent drinkability. A fair representation of the style and worth a shot. I liked this one, although it wouldn't be the first choice off the beer menu."
"Poured a cloudy apricot amber with quite a bit of carbonation sticking to the side of the glass. The off white head is super frothy and airy. Great lacing appears as the head pulls away. Aroma is typical of an a nice english ale. Sweet and buttery smell with a hint of caramel. Sweet and malty with a light hop presence. Slight citric flavor is nice also. There is a nice toasty aftertaste. The flavor barely reminds of the gross old speckeled hen. The feel is slightly thinner than i had expected. This is a lighter EPA which leads to extreme drinkability. A nice refreshing EPA that goes down easy."
"A nice easy drinking beer, but nothing special."
"An easy drinking ale that has a good hop flavor without being in your face. Overall, a decent beer, something I'd enjoy but at the $3.99/bottle price it's not something I'll be getting regularly. Give it a shot, I'll likely pick up a bottle or two occasionally to mix things up."
"Poured from bottle to pint glass a cloudy amber orange with a half inch of foam head that reduced to a layer of sheen and spotty lacing. Had very little smell but for the trace of malts. Taste was almost as disapointing as the smell. Sweet malt and mild hop flavor not bad but I had expected alot more. It's just kind of boring like an English girl without the accent. Good feel has nice carbonation and is goes down easy enough, I was just hoping for more. Bought this because it shares it's name with a bar in Throggs Neck in the Bronx. The bar Fiddler's Elbow does not cater to BA members but is a great place to get hammered and bet the ponys."
"Poured amber with a small head that disappears leaving a little foam on the glass. Nose was malty and not as hoppy as I wanted. Taste as a Pale is average. A good dose of English malts left an aftertaste in my mouth. Mouthfeel is smooth nevertheless. Drinkability is average."
"D: Definitly an English pale with dry bitterness and a nicely different flavor. Good drinkability."
"Drinkability: Excellent. This beer goes down easy and tastes great."
"What I liked about this beer was the taste and the finish. Mouthfeel was fresh and crisp. Sip after sip, I expected a bitter finish, but it never came. You know the bitter was there, but it was subtle, giving it a nice drinkability."
"This is a real nice beer for drinking on a sunny afternoon. Copper coloured with a fine head this beer has a subtle biscuit nose. The beer is balanced and quite tasty in that English malty profile. I could drink a lot of these which I suppose is a recommendation."
"The taste reflects the nose but with a more earthy, cereal flavour present as well, and a hint of raisin in the aftertaste. Well carbonated, this goes down pretty easily, but isn't exciting enough for me to want to drink a large quantity."
"Drinkability: Not bad! A pleasant, highly drinkable brew, if unremarkable."
"This one features good complexity and balance with a medium bitterness throughout and a malty, biscuit themed finish. More assertive and much more flavorful than a lot of the bigger name EPAs. Body is not too thin but still plenty smooth. Slight metallic note keeps taste and drinkability scores from being higher. Enjoyed a small piece of cheddar with it and can highly recommend the combination. Not as good as Hobgoblin, but still a solid choice."
"I bought this in England, and the label says 4.5% abv."
"d: This is not a style I know well, but I enjoyed this one very much."
"Mouthfeel was as smooth as a fiddler's elbow. Silky. Medium bodied."
"Mouthfeel is the defining characteristic, to me--creamy, not too effervescent but certainly not flat. Not bad, but not the equal of Hobgoblin, in my estimation."
"Taste is rich and malty with tangy hops. Semi-sweet caramel with bitter citrus, a solid earthy mineral component and a touch of roasted coffee precede a juicy finish."
"This one is ok bit I'm not overly thrilled with it. Good, but nothing special."
"Poured a beautiful orange/gold into an english pint. The off white pillowing head crowned the glass beautifully before it dropped back to a solid film leaving tons of lacing. The smell was of subtle lemons, a slight sweet maltiness, and maybe a little straw. The taste is a well balanced mixture of a slight hop bite up front, a rounded malty breadiness with some buttery notes of yeast, and finishing with a lingering bitterness, though by no means overpowering. This is why I love english pale ales, and this is a wonderful example of the style. American pale ales are great in their own right, but english pale ales have this reserved character that only opens up when you really pay attention. I could drink this one all day long and never tire of it."
"D - Easy to drink and a good exapmle of a English Pale."
"All-in-all a beer that I wound up liking a lot more than I thought I would; not really a fan of pale ales, but I would gladly have this again."
"500ml brown bottle from The Lighthouse in Manchester. Amber-red translucent body with a half inch of off-white head. Smells of biscuit and caramel malts along with spicy herbal hops (I'm guessing Fuggles). Caramel and biscuit malts, slightly nutty with hints of diacetyl with a good English hop presence. Low on the carbonation (though not feeling flat) with a medium, somewhat aqueous body. The subtle and moderate flavor with the mouthfeel makes this a heck of an easy drinker. A pretty decent English beer."
"Serving type: bottle"
"D- nice session, goes down smooth"
"D = The is an extremely drinkable beer. It is very refreshing, light, low enough alcohol to sit back and enjoy without worries."
"D: A good little EPA from Wychwood, I could see myself drinking a few pints of this, good stuff."
"Drinkablity here is a 4. Under the right circumstances, this beer would be great with certain meals, and probably better yet on a hot summer day when I can just sit around and enjoy it. Pick up a bottle, you might like it."
"Another brew from a company that I've really taken a liking to, but unfortunately, this was the least impressive sample I tasted, although it was still good and decent enough to be worth a try... Overall, this is a solid brew, but it is bland in many respects. There is a soft, faint, hoppy aroma, but no real smell that can be detected... The taste is better than your average, but overall, nothing to really write home about... Even though I did like it, this would be the last Wychwood brew I'd run out to spend $3.50 for a 16.09 oz bottle... The mouthfeel wasn't over the top, and the drinkability wasn't superb, although I can't say it was bad. The beer has a nice, brown / copper appearance but where it scores for looks, it lacks in mouthfeel and drinkability... didn't enjoy it enough to down more than one big bottle... Wouldn't run out to buy another, but overall, worth a try, especially if you are a fan of Wychwood brews..."
"Very drinkable"
"D - For the most part I think this is a good beer it drinks good so I think I would pick this one up again."
"D: Below average."
"I would enjoy a second one, but I don't think this is a beer to drink in large volumes ;)"
"D - This is damn good stuff...I'm not much for hopped up beers and this is so balanced it's very good.."
"Little on the watery side but low carbonation, just how I like it. A drinkable pale ale with a good balance."
"I may be a little harsh in this review--this is a beer that will quench your thirst and is not too objectionable. Still, it has flaws that detract. I believe it would place fairly low on an English Pale Ale flight."
"Poured from the bottle into a pint glass, beer is a pale, murky yellow color on the pour but appears more amberish in the glass and has a one-finger, off-white head. Nice bubbly lacing. Smell is not overwhelming but reminds me slightly of butterscotch; caramel malts and earthy hops are also present - mostly a sweet smell. The taste is pretty well balanced; the initial sweetness of the malt is countered nicely with a mildly hoppy finish. Not bad, but nothing outstanding either. The mouthfeel could be a little heavier and perhaps carbonated a little more aggressively but overall is pretty smooth. A very drinkable brew, easily a session beer. Worth a try for sure but nothing to write home about."
"D - A decent, but mild ale. Easy to drink since it isn't too sweet, but a bit bland even by English standards if you have two or three. I suppose it is just above average to me."
"As above for drinkability."
"Fiddler's Elbow pours a hazy copper color with a white head from a brown 500 ml bottle. The aroma is sort of buttery, and suggests caramel malt. The flavor is buttery too, but not in a bad diacetyl bomb type of way. Caramel malt and the styrian hops provide a nice balance. Not outstanding but decent."
"Aroma is strong and invitingly malty with a touch of citrus and a smoky undertone. Color is a dark amber and clear; it pours with a nice head. Flavor is smooth, very malty, has a little orangy zing and just a touch of hop bitterness. Tasty and pleasant."
"I first tried this beer on August 13, 2007 after puchasing from my local LCBO outlet. The beer piured a nice dark translucent coppery red in to a glass with a generous loose white head. The aroma was a combination of nuts and hops, a little spicy. The mouthfeel was medium-bodied with some mild carbonation. The taste is very mild with some malty hints and a hint of bitterness of the tongue."
"An orange amber color with a modest but robust head and very robust lacing. The aroma was like hay/grass and made me also think of lake water in a relatively nice way, earthy. First impression is that it's very refreshing with a citrus tang on the tongue. Then a dry, mildly bitter hops sense hits at the finish.The earthiness quickly gives way to this tart, dry finish which hangs in the aftertaste. Still, it's quite drinkable. I liked it though it felt more like a lager than an ale."
"a tight , frothy head shrank to about an 1/8 of an inch which lasted throughout the sitting Nice lacing which clung to the glass in patches to the finish. Smell reminded me of a dank, dingy basement which you would assume would carry over to the taste. Not. This , to me , reminded me of an American Lager with some muscle. Medium body and a nice amber color. First nose hit reminded me of a bag of Lay's potato chips. Bitter and slighty , slightly, hoppy. A nice blend with nothing overpowering another. Would not turn this down. Plain and simple- liked it."
"D - A very nice pale ale. A good hop taste."
"Overall: No boats are rocked by this brew, but it’s a solid and enjoyable pale ale in the English style. No crazy hops here, just a good, mild blend of malts and hops in an easily-quaffable mixture. Worth a try."
"Notes: Not much to say. Have just about anything from this brewers main lineup and it has alot of similarities to this. Sort of a blah, effortless tasting brew."
"One of the best bottled Pale Ales (or is it a Bitter?) I have had. Great stuff."
"D - Not bad. I won't have this again I think (a statement true for all Wychwood brews I have had to date). It is very English and very mild. Not worth seekign out and not even really worth it if there is another cracft brew to try available."
"I may not have given this beer a fair shake, because I reviewed it right after its delicious brother, Hobgoblin."
"I've come to expect little from this brewery and this has only fueled the fire..., bland and uninspiring. Nothing particularly redeeming to be honest, a pretty poor ale"
"Overall a decent EPA."
"Drinkability- Nothing great. It's worth a shot."
"Poured a hazy copper to amber with a moderate head that settled quickly leaving some lacing. Nose of malts and hops, with some citrus. Mouthfeel was full-bodied, and smooth on the back of the tongue. Flavor was of hops and malts with some spices. Finish slightly bitter. A well crafted and drinkable brew."
"A very enjoyable English pale ale that is quite tasty and flavorful. Well-balanced and nice to drink, I'd definitely recommend this and have it again myself."
"Finally, Wychwood is using brown bottles and I look forward to sampling their line."
"Poured into a pint glass with a clear copper color and thin head that dissipates into decent lacing. There is not much aroma to the beer, but what is present is a grassy, mildly hoppy fragrance. Similarly, in taste it tends toward an earthy, grassy hop flavor with hints of citrus and caramel. The beer favors its hoppiness, but there is a viable malt presence, but not enough to embolden the beer's body which is a bit thin, but moderate carbonation makes it easy to drink and refreshing. A fair ale, but not overly remarkable."
"Enjoyable, but a bit watery for my tastes."
"A lagerish Syrian hopped ale. Light colour with some creaminess in the pour. A tad cheesy aroma. Some bitterness and middling mouthfeel, and a half pint is all I could drink, not the entire pint. Yes citrus and caramel, just minimally satisfying to me."
"The taste is a fairly nice blend of sweet malts and some hop spiciness thrown in at the backend. The mouthfeel is very smooth with some diacetyl flavoring. Not a bad beer."
"Very easy to drink - a nice Engish ""session"" ale. This was from a 500 ml bottle - will look to see if it comes in 12 oz. 6-packs."
"Quite rounded and balanced - a nicely done and satisfying pale ale."
"It's definitely worth a try. It's a truly enjoyable brew."
"This beer pours a honey-gold with a restrained off-white head. The aroma carries both a piney hops note and a rich malt aroma which was particularly impressive. The flavors hold true to the aroma's teasing, with a rich but not overwhelming malt body and hop bite that stays though for a clean aftertaste that begs for another sip. Overall a well-balanced quaff. A very sessionable drink if price is not an object."
"D- This beer has some nice but muted flavors and some slight off flavors that might be yeast qualities that I'm just not used to. There are some fruity notes that come through as it warms that leads me to believe this would be a great beer on cask but in bottles it just doesn't travel well."
"A pleasant brown color with a slight amber hue to it. It smells sweetly hoppy, almost chocolaty. It tastes both sweat, and citric; a mix of chocolate and orange. It has a pleasant yet strong hoppy bite to end it off. It is also nicely smooth for such a hoppy beer. It is an interesting mix of tastes, that all seem to work together, and is all around a very pleasant beer. Another great beer from a great brewery."
"In the end, almost hints of bitter root, and caramel. Average body."
"drinkability is great. it's a nice solid straightforward beer. nothing outstanding, but definitely enjoyable. i'll definitely be picking this up again."
"Mouth-Fell: A crisp and refreshing mouth-feel with a great smoothness to it."
"Poured bottle into a glass mug. A nice amber look with a small, white head. Malty smell apparent from the pour. Very bitter, malty taste. Was not too impressed by the mouthfeel at all; very thin, almost watery like a light beer. Pretty drinkable after your palette adjusts past the first few sips."
"500 ml brown bottle, courtesy of Cardinal pub, Stavanger. ABV is 5.2%. Deep golden colour, moderate head, leaves a nice lacing. Pleasant nutty and moderately hoppy aroma with notes of toffee and caramel. Flavour has decent hops throughout, hints of burnt caramel but the beer is not sweet (fairly dry, actually). Not a bad beer this one."
"A good English Pale Ale. A bit heavy for the style, but full of nice flavors, aromas, and textures. A nice blend of caramel malts and fruity flavors. A mix of very-ripe to over-ripe fruits: oranges, apricots, and figs. Follow up with earthy, grassy hops for bittering and flavors. Quite sweet and bitter, remaining heavy and sweet intot the finish. Easy to drink and lots of flavors and complexity. A nice beer."
"Taste is malty followed by a generous hoppiness to balance out the sweetness. Mouthfeel is pleasant, almost chewy. The Styrian hops give this a slightly different flavor. Very nice."
"I think this beer was made for me! I'm not a big fan of wheat beers that beg for orange slices. I'm also not a fan of sweets. This beer was a perfect balance between all of those pitfalls. Sourness, sweets, grassy wheats -- all in check here. Some of the watery feelings I got on the second glass are the only reason for lower scores."
"Tasted of sweet malt, a touch of crystal malt, with a dry medium body. I thought that the FE would have had more body for the malt flavours that were present. Not as wheaty as I'd have expected either. Nice easy bitterness, very long hoppy finish. Similar in taste and design as the Hobgoblin. An awesome beer."
"This bitter has all the character of a good British pale ale. Came across to me like a British cousin to the Anchor Liberty Ale. Not sure if others would make that parallel. I say this influenced by the spicy hop filled aroma. Very grassy, earthy, hops - but effervescent (in a musty way) A very smooth mouthfeel with some bite in the malt that rings through the aftertaste. A good finish. Quite cloudy orange appearence and some musky notes. It seems like I can almost taste some fruity notes. An enjoyable beer."
"D: Not so much.. I could if I had nothing else."
"Pours a hazy copper color with amber hues, thin white cap that dwindles to some thin lacings on top. Aroma is caramel, english malts, spicy floral hop, and a note of biscuit. Flavor is biscuit and toasted malt, carmalized sweetness, hint of raisin and nuts, light sourness and spicy hops in finish. Goes down with a hint of hot alcohol, medium carbonation, medium-light body, and dry finish."
"I don't mind them a little sweet, so I find this brew pretty quaffable."
"Drinkability – It’s not the smoothest flowing ale on the planet but it gets the job done."
"Aroma slightly fruity, but too weak to tell much. Poured to a bright copper color with medium off-white head. At first sips, I found this bland and slightly watery. However, by mid-glass, the hops became more evident, and I really enjoyed the second half of this beer, and it left a good finish. I could drink this again. As a side note, I must say Wychwood comes up with some of the more creative names and labels I've seen."
"Fiddler’s Elbow came in a contoured 500 ml. bottle which had embossing around bottle below the neck label, and near the base. When poured out, the beer had a hazy pale orange body, and frothy head that loomed quite large at first, and left lots of lacing as it receded slowly. The smell was very restrained, with mildly earthy and spicy hops, and sweet caramelized malt. The typical English Pale Ale smell was followed by an easygoing but interesting taste. The primary flavor was spicy from the hops, which was followed by a taste wavering between minerally dry and dextrinous sweet. The aftertaste was a drawn out, but muted bitterness. A little more full and velvety than a typical pale ale, the richness was detrimental to sessionability. Worth looking into, if you want to experience some English hops."
" I have to tell you I really enjoyed this ale. I would recommend to anyone and plan to get more for myself."
"This was an amber-colored beer with a medium head. It had a sweet, grassy aroma, along with some malt. Interesting taste, a little citrus, a little malt, a little hops. I thought they worked quite well. Very good mouthfeel, and quite drinkable. Try this beer."
"Good medium bodied brew with a creamish mouthfeel and a moderate ABV that make this an easy to drink, distinctly different pale ale. I will definetly have this one again...cheers!"
"M/D- Moderate to low carbonation, light body, fairly clean."
"Notes: Maybe I've been hitting the double IPA and Russ. Imp. Stouts too much, but this just seems really thin and watery. Despite how the review sounds however, this isn't a bad beer, just nothing really special."
"This beer didn't have any bad qualities, but I wasn't blown away by it either, This particular sample may have been a little old and affected the experience but I think I'll stick to other versions of EPA next time."
"Pours a clear apricot-copper hue under a one finger light beige head with nice body and good retention, leaving a few lace spots as it recedes slowly. The nose is sweet and slightly fruity, with a good dose of crisp spice thrown in. The mouth is well-carbonated and fairly light. Nice sweet syrupy malt opening with a touch of raspberry, followed immediately by crisp floral and spice bitter. Touch of coriander, hint of carnation and a bit of espresso are all present. The sweet malt runs well with the assertive bitterness through the finish, with dryness emerging in the aftertaste. I like this a lot - very refreshing, well balanced, good stuff."
"Fizzy white head on a somewhat cloudy apricot-orange body, buttery sweet malt and a hint of citrus in the nose. Low retention with thin lacing. Medium body, slick and malty, with moderate carbonation, straightforward with a bit of biscuity citrus. Finishes smooth, with earthy hop. Solid English but mostly uninteresting until it goes down, easily quaffable but not that I'd want to have more than the 500mL. Attractive packaging, and not an indication in any direction about the contents."
"Bottom line: This is a great sessionable English Pale Ale that I have no qualms about visiting again and again."
"I have never seen this one available in Alberta, but found this out in New Brunswick and brought it back. This is not in a clear bottle, as all the other Wychwood bottles seem to be--this is brown. I love the Wychwood bottles and their labels. Fiddler's Elbow poured a lovely dark hazy orange colour, with a great creamy tight head, cream-coloured. Sufficient lacing. The colouration is very...different somehow. Somewhere in between rusty water and apricot. Very nice. Aroma: Mmm, lovely Styrian Goldings hops here, adding that caramel/butterscotch richness I love in English pale ales. A very buttery smell, soft and creamy and very pleasant on the nose--nothing is overpowering. Lovely balance here. Softly roasted malts, burnt bread, some cinnamon and those perfumey hops. Nothing extraordinary, just very pleasing to the nose. The body is fairly light, but the carbonation is low and creamy and satisfying. I get very soft fruit flavours on the front of the tongue, and in the middle some wood-like hops and a little caramel maltiness, followed by a dryer-than-expected finish, the hops lingering on the breath. I get only a tiny hint of any wheat-malt--I think it is felt more in the body than tasted. Good malt tastes though, and a nice kick of hops. Very gentle on the tongue. A great session brew. I would dance with the Fiddler again. Can't go wrong here. Solid."
"this in 03 when he reviewed, so I guess I'll pat my self on the back...."
"This one poured great with a luscious head that dwindled to a thin disc. I liked what I smelled, floral and earthy. It has a nice flavour leaving a hoppy aftertaste that I would crank up a notch (but I am a hophead). A very nice beer with a very nice label. I would gladly drink this again."
"This is not bad. Worth having again in the future for a change of pace."
"I love their packaging of this ale..nice bottle and a cool label. Good typical English aroma profile, very malty with some nice hopping in the back. light amber in appearance with a small splotchy off white head. taste is quintessentially (sp) English malty and nutty in character , some hints of pipe tobbacco also. ok mouthfeel nothing too exciting but not too bad. Very drinkable..nice ale"
"Taste: It has a bit of a lager element, with a strong citrus presence. This beer has a bit of a flat flavor, and a flat body as well. Seems like it would pair really well with citrus marinated fish or pork."
"D - I didn't care for this one too much. I probably won't be buying it again. For the price it's not really worth it to me."
"Mouthfeel isn't bad. A touch overcarbonated for my tastes (I'm very picky about my carbonation levels), but a good moderate body on this brew. Drinkability is also good. At the price per bottle I paid, it's certainly not a session beer, but if it were the price of a domestic (or even on the lower end of the premium prices), I would definitely drink this somewhat regularly. Not because it's that great, but because it's a solid all-rounder that's a good change from my normal preference of maltier brews (and hefes)."
"I wouldn't go out of my way to get it again but if someone offered me a glass I'd be happy to knock it down."
"Smooth crisp feel with nice tingly sensation left in the mouth. Very good carbonation. I'll grab another one of these."
"beer is very drinkable year round."
"Interesting bottle and label art, although a brown bottle would make me a little more comfortable."
"Though this is a bit too bubbly for me, I still find this beer to be rather refreshing and a good pint."
"So much better than it was in clear bottles."
"Mouthfeel is sticky. Nice carbonation cuts through the stickiness a bit and makes for an above average beer. Not quite a solid session beer, but I would have another."
"Pours a ruddy brown with a wee little head. There are some spice and apple cider aromas. Murky mouthfeel, neither crisp, nor smooth. The flavors are muddled malt, whaet, apple, pear and other summer fruit flavors. Not a beer I'd buy again, unimpressive and a mixed bag of no real outstanding or even stand up, flavors."
"Even though this is only my third beer from this brewery, I'm beginning to think that, were I to drink the entire Wychwood line, I wouldn't find an impressive specimen in the bunch. The dark bottles are an improvement (and long overdue), but wholesale recipe changes are in order if the beer has any hope of ever matching the shelf appeal of the bottles and labels."
"Significantly more pleasant (and less flawed) than other Wychwood beers I've sampled. Hardly better than average when compared to better brews, however."
"M&D: with very clean mouthfeel and lively-enough texture, this beer is not flavoursome enough to be really enjoyable or quaffable. The hidden subtleness (which I can't quite grasp) perhaps is its strength, but I personally think it's too timid in terms of taste, esp. when compared with its aroma. O.K. beer to try once in a life-time."
"In short, then, this beer starts off quite badly but soon redeems itself. Not my personal favourite, but I may give it a second chance in future."
"Overall this is a decent beer, Though its not fantastic. A good fallback choice in a sparsely stocked LCBO."
"Drinkability: Very drinkable, but nothing spectacular. Nothing to write home about, but I wouldn't spit it out either."
"First of all, this brew didn’t seem light-struck, like I’d half expected. So, I was off to a good start. The beer pours a clear orange-amber color with a thin, unremarkable white head. Little lace. The aroma is a nice mix of malt and fruit. The fruit really comes out in this one…pear, apple, ripe peaches…very nice. There’s caramel and a little (restrained) floral hoppiness in the smell as well. This brew is quite well balanced, with a mild, satisfying flavor. The front has a very slight sweetness, coupled with just a little butterscotch. The brew, however, is a little more slick and oily than necessary, and I found that quality a little distracting. Still, this is a decent, smooth, easy to drink beer."
"This is a good example of an English ale which is moderately hopped. Although nothing extraordinary stands out in this ale, it is still a pleasing session brew."
"Probably the best pale ale by the Wychwood brewery, but that is not saying much. Clear amber color with a ok head. Presents a smell of light caramel malt laced with delicate hops. The taste is much the same and again everything is covered in salt. It has a decent body to it and I wasn't wishing for death as I finished it."
"Interesting choice tonight, paid $4.50 for a 16.9 oz. bottle at a local Pizza place. Best part about this one was the bottle itself. Very cool engravings of the witch logo around the top with an interesting drawing of, what else, but a fiddler. Nothing exciting about this pale ale, especially in comparison to so many other great ones out there. Not too hoppy, average lacing, and carbonation. Pretty easy to finish, but nothing that got me excited to try another."
"Pours a clear amber orange, small head and no lace. Smell is pretty malty, some spicy hops are present. Taste begins sweet, moves to a rich malty middle then finishes with some pleasant hoppy bitterness. Mouth is smooth, medium bodied, refreshing and a good session ale."
"Very good, I'd like to have this again. $3.49 can convince me. My gut was right...nice call."
"Not a bad beer, but not a good one either. Somewhat attractive, with a bit of a head atop an amber body. Grassy hop smell, with a hint of sweetness behind it. The taste is pleasant, with a buttery sweetness to it and some grassy hop notes that were present in the smell. A bit of a chewy mouthfeel, but overall this is a drinkable brew. Not bad."
"Drinkability- Seeing how this was a clear bottle and the fact that I got it in a close out basket for $1.99, I was preparing for a skunkfest. But, it turned out to be OK and to be a pretty decent beer. The bitter english hops work good with the malt. Plus it's a pretty easy drinking brew."
"When I opened the bottle I really noticed a big fruity,juicy aroma it was very nice and upfront to say the least,poured perfectly into my imperial pint glass a light golden with a thin wispy head,after pouring a bit I also picked up some iron in the aroma wch I didnt pick up when opening.Flavors are not as up front as the aromas for sure but there is a nice fruitiness and quite buttery with a faint grassiness from Stryian hops that dryes this ale a bit in the finish.A pretty quaffable ale not great but drinkable,probably the best offering from this English brewery I have had to date."
"Overall, I could have this now and again."
"Overall this is a decent brew. There is nothing that stands out and says “Drink me” but it is enjoyable. Pick it up if you see it, it is worth the try."
"500 ml bottle hand carried from England as a gift. Bottle now brown, not the clear one pictured at time of this review. Pours crystal-clear dark amber, with an ecru fluffy head that is generous but begins to fade too soon... does leave some lacing. Nose is what I expect in an English ale. Taste surprised me. Nice sweet malt, but hoppier than I expected. Are these fuggle hops? A bit of citrus, a bit of grapefruit offsetting the malts. Had only one to sample, but I'd say this is drinkable all night."
"pours a nice somewhat light amber. smells a touch skunky with a nice mellow fruity hop/malt sweetness being the overall picture. very english PA like. pretty flavorfull, doughy and a bit buttery with a mild caramel sweetness. balanced with a decent hop nod. medium bodied but leaning more towards the full spectrum. a most satisfying english ale, tastey and balanced."
"Pours out to a dark golden brown colour with a short lived white / brown head. Strong scent of hops and mild fruit. A slight bite upon initial mouthfeel, but nonetheless, smooth and easy. Flavors of hops and grain, with a very prominent bitter aftertaste. Slightly dry. Worth a try, but I prefer Hobgoblin."
"creamy texture folowwed by a well carbonated mouthfee and some subtle malt character, very mild in taste and nicely balanced very drinkable"
"Other comments: The label carries the somewhat cryptic phrase ""Wheat Brewed"". Of course, you can assume that this means there is wheat included in the malt bill, but ""Wheat Brewed"" seems to suggest the wheat is taking some kind of active role in the brewing process (stirring the mash? firing up the kettle? weighing out the hops? designing the recipe?)."
"Pours out amber with a full bright white head on top. Kind of a chewey malt billing but quite light. Sweetness is well blended with some citrus hop balance. Mouthfeel works and the brew goes down all right. I'm not sure why we get this beer in Vermont as one of the only imports from a country known for good english ales, but alas. I'd drink it over not drinking it, but I'd choose something else if given a choice."
"Once more, I have to repeat a phrase i hate to use, but there's too many apt occasions: ""Not bad, just not much."""
"Clear bottle from LCBO...poured a red-orange hue...nice color. Aromas of pine/citrus hops very pungent over the less stated sweet caramel malts....1 finger rocky white head that stays a while then laces nicely (this is the best smelling/looking wychwood ale I’ve sampled yet...perhaps I got a fresh one unskunked from clear bottles and poor handling). Mild start where the caramel malt kind of prevails then the tongue goes creamy and dry with wheat malts as a long finishing starts where the drying is replaced by bittering...which is is gradual and prolonged...several hop tastes are departed...bitter spruce, to lime peel to grassy to resin to metallic...this is actually not a bad bitter....expensive but not bad."
"The pour is deep orange, almost brown. The head is simple yet creamy and moderately sticky. Aromas are of citrusy hop, herb and some bisquit. In the mouth the beer is crisp with a satiny texture. Flavors are very herbal, with tarragon at the forefront. Malt and hop play equal roles with the hop balancing out the malt, though the hop is a tad bitter, in a bad bitter sort of way. The beer is a touch cloying on the finish. This beer followed a lackluster Scarecrow Ale from the same brewery. It is better, yet not something I'd pick up a second time."
"Medium bodied and fairly smooth, well balanced and very easy to drink."
"Would rather have a hobgoblin if I could choose between the two."
"Aftertaste is bitter and slightly fruity."
"It is an orange color with an average head. The aroma has some cirtus and mint notes as well as some grass. It is substantially hoppier than I would have expected and the maltiness stands up nicley to it. It finishes with a refreshing dryness. I could sit around and drink quite of few of these. A good session beer."
"Fiddler's elbow came in a clear bottle. The color was cloudy gold/orange with a wispy head. There was just a little lace. The aroma was strong and earthy with a little citrus. The taste was sweet and malty with elements of citrus and caramel. The finish was a little dry and citrusy. It was a mellow beer with a decent hop bite and good carbonation. Not a bad beer, but I think the label and the color were the best things about it."
"500ml bottle - Light brown ale with a medium brew that didn't last long on top of my glass. Usual pale ale flavor of yeast and light bitterness. Body is a bit thin. Also, I don't approve of the use of a clear bottle which doesn't help a beer when it needs to travel thousand of miles to get to my place."
"After the Scarecrow, I'm glad to see a beer of this quality from Wychwood. On 2nd thought, thank you to RobBeer for leading me to a quality brewery. Quite good, and one that I'll look forward to in the future!"
"Altogether drinkable although perhaps too much for serious session drinking."
"Fun bottle, like all of the other stuff from these folks. Enjoyed it for all it's different characteristics, but don't think I would make it a regular purchase."
"The head poured small, white and it had fine-small sized bubbles.The body was carbonated and clear.The hue was orange and the nose was fruity and hoppy.This beer left only a sparse lacing.The flavor was both very bitter and hoppy with an aftertaste to it.The mouthfeel was thin and it was tingly on my tongue."
"The beer pours a hazy golden color with a lacey head. The nose is faint. There is a small amount of malt and hop aroma mixed with a fruity yeast smell. The taste is quite dull. There is a low bitterness and bland malt flavor. It really isn't that bad of a beer. The mouthfeel is good. It's a low bodied beer and is very drinkable."
"I like the label on the beer. Perhaps it's only good attribute. Fiddler's Elbow poured a pale yellow colour with a 1/8 head. I could smell the skunkiness from the moment I removed the cap. Even my sister, who was in the other room, could smell it. But, I could still detect the malt and hops. Just, not very well. Tasted sour. Sort of a cany apple, starburst flavour. It's okay, but not a beer worth buying again."
"Too many breweries left and right of the Atlantic are relying on formulaic , cheap hop extractions to season their malty waters. This specimen reeks of grapefruit and cat piss while redeeming itself on the palate with a decent body. Still, it has an obnoxious flavor."
"I could drink more than one of these. For those accustomed to the American Pale Ale, this is an intriguing counterpoint."
"It had a kind of skunky scent to it that I didn't care for. And the appearance was lighter than I would have liked. But there was a nice head to it. I noticed a definite bready maltiness to it. A big hop bite came through towards the end and in the aftertaste. A pretty aggressive beer. I could drink this one again!"
"500ml bottle. When I picked up this bottle it was a golden orange almost an ice tea color. When I pulled it out of the frige it was a cloudy orange, looking almost like a weizen. Pours with very little head and leaves no real lace on the glass. The aroma of citrus with a hint of malt and hops. The flavor is slightly malty with a citrus tang and a slightly bitter finish from the hops. Goes done easily and is quite refreshing. A thoroughly pleasant experiance. Another English ale reminding me of the time I spent in the UK"
"Pours with a moderate head and leaving some lace. Sweet nose from the malts. Good mix of malts and hops but not overpowering in either. Nearly clear just a slight haze - no noticeable yeast - nothing settling out. Fairly smooth and light carbonation."
"Very detailed and artistic illustration of a fiddler on the label of a 500 ml bottle with raised flying witch logo and raised lettering at bottom front saying ""Fiercely Independent."" Beer is deep amber with a small bit of haze, perhaps from sediment. Head is a nice beige and lingers. Aroma is of flowers and citrus, but not strong. Medium carbonation hits the tongue, and a full creamy mouthfeel fills the mouth. The flavor is much bigger and rounder than the aroma suggests. There is a rich roasted malt flavor, balanced with mild hoppiness, plus slight hints of honey. There is a mild hop aftertaste, but it's very understated. This beer is VERY drinkable."
"When I bought this, it was a nice looking golden-orange color, but upon refrigeration it turned slightly hazy/cloudy. Poured with very little head or lace. Not much aroma nor hop flavor when cold, however as it warmed, some hop bite did come through. Not very long lasting however. It has a clean finish and went down fairly easy. Not much to get excited about, though nothing offensive either. I agree with Thrasher that the label was probably the best thing about this beer!"
"Tawny orange with medium head. Aroma of delicate malts, light hops, slightly musty. Some skunkiness which faded away as the beer sat in the glass. Flavors of tart apple, bread crusts, light herbs and spices, with a strong orange undertone. Very successful spiciness to this beer, which belies its sweet, subtle malt base. Smooth mouthfeel. Lingering citric finish that grows a little tiresome. Certainly enjoyable, but the wonderful name and psychedelic picture on the bottle were the high points of this beer."
"Hazy golden color. Head is whipped creamy. Skunk smells are getting in the way of what might be pleasant yeasty doughyness, light notes of roasted malt. Flavors that make it beyond the skunkiness; some fruitiness...apple, pear, white grape and leafy hops, all are pleasant. Good, but could've been much better."
"My compliments to the brewers...they have given us a smooth full bodied English ale that has no lingering after taste. Sweeter than I had anticipated but certainly not over the edge. I will keep this ale in mind."
"Flavourful to say the least ... the wheat adds to the drinkability and the hops are done just right and pack with flavour. Another import I wish would come in six-packs."
"The color looks a bit like a slightly cloudy apple juice, with a decent sticky, creamy off-white colored head. On the nose there is a nice fruity citrus smell. It’s pretty much the same story on the palate, nice citric / fruity bitterness and a light bready flavor, and a nice sweetness. Nice smooth and  somewhat tingly mouth feel. Overall I enjoyed it, very good  pale ale… another good brew from Wychwood."
"It's amber with a pretty thin white head.  I've been wanting to try this one for a while and was very disappointed to be hit with a nose full of skunkiness, despite the fact that my shop takes good care of its beer.  The bottle looks nice, but if this is the price to pay, it's definitely not worth it.  The taste is a bit underwhelming: hops and malt flavor both are on the low end of the scale.  Maybe I just got a bad bottle, but at $4.00 for a 500 ml bottle, I won't be running back to the store give it another chance."
"Quite thin, sweet, and even a bit cloying, once again, lose the clear bottles. I'm not really a fan of this, a bit of a strange taste, like there others."
"Light copper with a pleasant lace. Bready malty mildly floral nose. Well balanced. Somewhat fruity malty start ends oily hop flavor with a clinging bitterness. This beer grew on me as I drank. It's hop bitterness, flavor and aroma are nicely crafted, with enough malt spine to make it legitimate."
"What a great English ale. Great amber color and taste. Love the bottle and label. Check out the Wychwood website for their upcoming beers. If they are anything like this brew I will be eagerly waiting to try each one. Hobgoblin will have to wait until my BEER FEST this summer."
