review_text
""
""
"Here's the deal with this one: as a Kristalweizen, this beer is essentially an unfiltered hefe; while this is a good beer, it offers very little by way of hefeweizen similarities. Points have to be taken off for style."
"O: Okay. Average. Nothing particular bad about it, but nothing fantastic either. would not pass it up if offered on a hot day, but would not seek it out either."
"Drinkability is OK. Think sweet lager when you drink this. Slight hefeweizen flavor but it is cleaner."
"Mouthfeel is light and bubbly. Overall an enjoyable, crisp wheat beer, however it seems to blend into an already flooded wheat beer market."
"D - Doesn't start off strong, but this one kinda grew on me a little bit. Still, not something I would drink often."
"Drinkability is moderate. The flavor profile is a bit boring which really doesn't entice me to return to the glass. However, the beer is easily sessionable which can be a plus. For me it's not a good kristal, nor is it a great ""beer"" in general terms."
"Cloudy amber color, with a little bit of a head, but it took some vigorous pouring to get it. Nose has a bit of yeasty and some fruity notes but nothing too special.Taste is smooth, not bitter, not like a weiss but more like a pilsner. A little bit of hops come through."
"The beer is just thin, watery, bland, and uninteresting. Yup, there is some yeast, some sweeter malts, some honeyed flavors. This beer is just so mediocre it's not worth spending more written words on. It's okay, there just isn't much to this beer."
"Spanish Peaks Brewing's Crystal Weiss American Style Clear Wheat Beer is the strangest, most off-style kristalweizen to have ever entered my glass. If you like weak-in-the-knees Oktoberfests and hate hops, then this might be the beer for you. It isn't the beer for me."
"Golden colored beer with a rapidly fading thin head.Aroma is a splash of citrus fruit.Taste is bready and again a splash of some citrusy fruit.Pretty smooth and goes down like water.Overall a pleasant experience!I would recommend and would purchase again."
"Unfortunately, flavors follow. Light simple fruit, simple yeast flavors that are insignificant and unappealing. This beer tastes like ""strong water," at best. No character whatsoever. Cannot think why you'd drink this other than to quench a genuine thirst and you didn't have water available."
"D: I like this American wheat beer a lot, much better flavour than the pallid efforts I so often find in this and similar categories. Good job Spanish Peaks."
"D- Fairly easy to drink but not something I'd session."
"D: Tasty, goes down very easily, not filling at all, mild kick, decent representation of style, this is a good, flavorful, lighter beer to drink for a while."
"Drinkable average brew."
"Overall a respectable beer that I could easily have several of in one sitting. Not great by any means, but at least I didn't pour it down the sink which I had done with many discounted beers from my local store."
"Highly do not recommend! Filter a Sam Adams hefe with a coffee filter and you've got a better krystalweissen."
"Good to give to a friend who loves mass produced beer and doesn't want to try craft brews."
"mouthfeel is of a good weight, nice subtle flavors and bitterness, sweet and extremely sessionable."
"Out of the bottle this beer was a clear (as it should be, being a filtered Hefeweizen) honey gold color with a small white head. The retention was very poor sadly and the lacing under-average. The aroma was pleasant, like a sweetened iced tea, floral hops, hints of bananas, cloves and peaches. The flavors were not nearly as sweet as the aromas suggested, the first note was hop bitterness actually followed closely by pale malt and some yeast notes with hints of fruit. The body was medium/light and the carbonation medium/high. The mouthfeel was not as smooth as I prefer. Still, this was refreshing and crisp, a fine summer beer."
"The feel is a li'l bit creamy. Medium body. Actually a good thickness for style. It's a bit of a girl drink, but very drinkable. It's unbalanced; a crystally and fruity wheat ale."
"I've hardly ever had such a neutral beer... nothing good, nothing bad, just bland. Bleagh."
"Leans more toward an American Pale Wheat Ale, with a Krystalweizen touch, IMO. Anyway, it's pretty basic, but refreshing and very easy to drink. A nice thirst-quencher overall."
"Btw, head retention is better than average and it has some lacing."
"Poured a decent gold, no cloudiness, with minimal head. Has some yeast notes for a little sweetness and some citric notes. Weak, faint smell. I know Kristals are more faint than regular hefes, but this was sharp and carbonated like champaign. Minor fruit taste and smooth body. An alright beer; not worth seeking out again though."
"The beer pours a nice gold color with a 1/2"" white head that slowly fades to lacing. The aroma is decent. It has a sweet smelling pale and wheat malt scent along with a subtle banana/ clove aroma. The taste is decent as well. It has a smooth pale and wheat malt flavor that boarders on the sweet side. The yeast esters are present, but not to pronounced. It's an easy drinker for sure. The mouthfeel is fine. It is a medium bodied beer with good carbonation. This is a pretty good beer. It's got a nice filtered hefe taste that's easily quaffable."
"Notes: So it is not the best,but it does the job. Average and decent."
"Not a great beer as far as wheat beers are concerned, but a pretty decent beer overall, and pretty refreshing. At the same time there are better wheat beers out there."
"Drinkability: Not altogether reprehensible, but nothing to stand on a table and cheer about either."
"D - This is an okay filtered weizen. Not particularly flavorful."
"Poured a dark golden color with fluffy white head that lingered a while. Aroma was not real strong, no real dominant characteristic, a bit hoppy perhaps. Flavor was a bit grassy and the Saaz hops were present. This beer was very smooth and easy to drink and quite refreshing on a hot Mississippi summer day. I thought this was a decent beer."
"D- very odd beer that doesn't resemble a wheat at all. Ended up being a drain pour. I will not revisit this beer again in the future."
"Pours a clear golden with a thin white head.Decent retention,and a very nice lace. Aroma is of creamy wheat,and fruits. Nice,but a bit weak. Body is medium with light carbonation.Taste is of sweet fruits,and cream,with a bit of tart in the finish. Very nice."
"This beer pours a clear spun gold color. The head is a massive, three inches in height, and recedes slowly into think, chunky lacing. The aroma is of tangy wheat, with a hint of lemon. The taste like the aroma. It is very pleasant, but a little too tame to peak much interest. The mouthfeel is spot on for a kristalweizen: medium bodied with lively carbonation, and a velvety texture. Overall, this is a nice beer. I could drink it again, but would like it more if it were slightly more flavorful."
