review_text
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"This beer is a fake microbrew made by Budweiser. It is a cheap attempt to push actual craft brewers off the shelves of your local liquor of grocery store. Watch the documentary called Beer Wars. I flat out refuse to purchase any Budweiser products after seeing it."
""
"About average. Nothing really speical."
"D: A little tasty, goes down ok, not too filling, mild kick, decent representation of style, it might not be the best organic beer out there but it's worth drinking for a little while."
"Amber in color with loads of prickle and no discernible head. Classic ""beer"" nose, nothing out of the ordinary or noteworthy. The mouthfeel is nice and crisp and I would say refreshing. As a matter of fact I found the mouthfeel to be the highlight of this beer other than the ""organic"" labeling. The flavor shifts to a flat and earthy flavor. Unfortunately the best comparison I can make for the flavor is day old keg beer. . . like the stuff you try to drink the day after the keg party, but didn't quite keep warm enough."
"Drinkable, but not really that good."
"D: Mediocre drinkability and overall enjoyment. Worth a curious try but not at the expense of a six pack."
"A little too watery."
"Overall, not that great. An OK beer, but nothing to remember."
"Drinkability was good and if I find a sixer on sale some time I will buy it. Good sessionable brew."
"Well, I wasn't expecting much, and I certainly didn't get much. I couldn't call this a Vienna lager, more of a domestic macro amber lager. Kinda reminds me of a A-B stab at Sam Adams Light."
"D: If it wasn't so bitter, it may be more drinkable, but alas... Not only that, at $8-9 a 6-pack, the price is insanely high for what it is. Probably because it's ""organic""."
"D - This is a fairly average beer nothing to say wow about its decent and coming form AB I'm surprised they put out an organic brew"
"Drinkability - This is an okay Vienna lager. Not great, not horrible."
"Body and drinkabilkity are very average as is this beer."
"From a 12 oz bottle that I copped for about $1.50 from Wine and More in West Orange, scored this organic lager which admittedly caught my eye because of the organic advertisement on the bottle... from the website, learned that this 5.0% Vienna Lager is organically brewed with the finest malts and barley... I really liked the taste from this brewery in California that I've never heard of... appearance was nice bronze and copper with a nice head... smell was robust, very clear and slightly hoppy... taste was very crisp, clear, clean, and smooth... nice slight caramel and vanilla color that went down like water really easily... this brew is really great... easily drinkable with a good mouthfeel... slight bread and butter flavor with an unrivalled smoothness... Definitely recommended.."
"Poured a light copper gold, clear, wtih a sturdy off-white head. Aroma is very subtle, just a hint of sweet malt. Taste is a bit thin, sweet then bitter. Nothing really wrong with this, but nothing really special either. Good alternative to macro I guess."
"Appearance and smell was of a standard lager, a little behind a Sam Adams which seems to be the most obvious comparison. Had a very strong metallic taste to me that didn't seem to belong. Interesting, but not something I would really try again."
"It's clear copper in appearance with a two-finger head on top. Metallic hop twag and sweetish malts make up the aroma in the beer. Sweet and doughy flavors from the malt in the taste with a mild bitterness for balance. It has a thinner feel with mild carbonation. The aftertaste has a mild biscuity note. Overall, a middle of the pack brew."
"This beer is a clear straw color with a thin white head and minimal lacing. Mild (not wild) hops aroma with a touch of grain. Light-bodied and crisp with subtle hops and musty malt flavoring. I don’t know if pesticides would help the flavor but I doubt they would hurt much. The finish is mildly bitter and short, and there is a lingering sweetness afterward. Below average all around, which unfortunately seems to be the case with most organic beers."
"Looks good- nice amber with healthy head and good lacing. Smell is somewhat harsh- raw grain and alcohol. None of that lager yeast tang, and no crispness. Taste is no great shakes either. Also harsh, with more grainy notes, a touch of metal, and sweet fruitiness on the end. Mouthfeel is slightly prickly, but not especially crisp. Eh. Willing to give it a chance despite the ploy, but not much here for me."
"Trying to figure out the purpose of this beer and I can't do it. Considering the resources behind the brewery they could do anything and instead you get this: a lightly hoppy, light bodied lager with light body, very little character, almost no head and no lace. Fruity. Nice clear amber color tho for what that's worth."
"Overall: As far as Vienna lagers go, I guess this one’s fair to middlin. Not something I’d rush out to buy more of."
"D - This is an okay vienna lager. The odd bitter taste wasn't good but it still tasted descent."
"1/3 beer and 1/3 head as poured into a pint glass. Light tan head disolves into a considerable amount of lace left on the glass. Body is a honey gold in color. Nose hits first with slight tangy hops than quickly yields to raw wheat and mineral feel, but very light. After first sip I must say I had to scan the label to make sure this one wasnt secretly produced by one of the Big three(come to find out it is affiliated). Overall bland, with just a tease of what would be considered ""wild hops"". Slightly bitter earthy feel is very soft on the mouthfeel. Drinkable as you would expect from a bland lager."
"12oz brown bottle. This one pours a nice translucent amber with a thin film of off-white head. Smells slightly like caramel malt. Tastes sweet like caramel, chocolate and coffee malt with a hint of hop bitterness toward the finish. Not overpowering certainly, but a nice balance of subtle flavors. Lighter in body with a generous bit of carbonation, though it's just slightly sticky or lingering. Overall a decent beer, though not the best example of the style. Not bad."
"Small white head that didnt last. A bit of a hoppy aroma. Much more of a hoppy flavor than the usual standard A-B fare, but nothing special. Drinkable. I dont get the incognito idea with the Green Valley Brewing. Did they think we wouldn’t find out this is an Anheuser-Busch product?"
"Overall: Meh. Not wild, not hoppy, not worth the 8 bucks. Don't get me wrong, it's not bad, it's just not good. Many better choices out there in the category for the price."
"The mouthfeel is light and tangy. This one is not very hoppy nor wild as the name indicates but it goes down pretty easily."
"Appears a light copper amber hue with an off white decen sized head dwindles pretty quickly carbonation is large bubbled and lacing is sporadic and sparse on my glass. Aroma has soft bready sweetness touch of caramel malt with a light hop profile definitely shouldn't be called ""wild"" hop maybe ""tame"" hop would be more appropriate pretty boring. Flavor is really mild grainy sweetness no real hop profile here touch of herbal mix of grassiness with a light toasted caramel malt flavor, very boring and tame at eight bucks a sixer I'll pass. Mouthfeel is light bodied carbonation is a bit too high and somewhat sharp on the palate. Drinkabiltiy is low my crave factor to have or want another is nonexistent, I'll pass on this one in the future."
"This beer poured crystal clear and amber brown with a descent level of carbonation. The head that was produced was an off white pillowy foam, thick and sticky and good density of bubbles. The head lasted a good way down the glass until it fell to virtually nothing with nothing left even clinging to the sides. This was pretty much the highlight of the beer. The aroma was almost non existent, some light malt and a hint of hops but that was it on the nose. The taste was pretty much like the nose, some malt, hops and finished light with fading taste that left you pallet very fast. The body was light on the tongue and in the mouth. Drink-ability maybe again depending on the menu, and I might give it a chance since this could have been a bad batch, but I will wait and see."
"Drinkability: overall I found this a boring beer that I had a hard time finishing the pint. Not worth trying."
"D - It's decent offering from a Macro brewery. If they want to keep this sort of thing up, I won't complain. It's better than Busch or Bud, and any presence other than that in the chain grocery aisles is a plus in my mind."
"Not a bad beer, but not much else to reccomend it. Blandly satisfying would be a good phrase to use for it. I did note that the fine print states only the malts are organic, which seems a bit underwhelming when the label refers to the beer as Organic Wild Hop Lager with a picture of hops. Oh, well. Still, this is probably the most palateable A-B product I've ever had. I probably won't buy this again unless I have to, as there are so many other, more interesting beers around, but if it happened to be around it would work for something to drink from the bottle while watching a baseball game"
"Nice medium hoppiness, definitely ""there"" but not too strong, with a clean finish, reminiscent of berries. Maybe a little too ""fizzy", but not bad. Well-chilled on a hot day, it's very good. All in all, a clean, crisp brew. Plus it's organic, which I like."
"Drinkability is nice, enjoyed it. If this WAS Bud, then I'd DRINK Bud."
"The beer sat well in the mouth, with a slightly sticky finish. Overall it was delightful, lighter than an ale, with excellent flavor."
"Overall, this brew isn't too bad and is a good thirst quencher. If you are into organic foods and alike, this is a great alternative to beers brewed with traditionally tampered ingredients."
"Bought this because I was wanting a decent clean lager like Brooklyn Lager. This is too expensive a beer to have adjunct but my first thought after the pour was uh-oh, corn. Mostly malt and very hard to detect hops. Tastes like a macro to me, needs more hops for sure. As it warms it starts to get unpleasant. I'll not buy this again."
"Mouthfeel/Drinkability: It's light bodied and goes down easy enough. But, it doesn't taste that good. Definitely not something I'd want to session. Overall, it's not very good. This was my first experience with an organic beer. I'm not antsy to try another."
"Pours a one inch thick head that is light and airy. The beer appearance is a dark amber color and is slightly clear. There is no distinct smell, maybe some malt in there, but it is very vague. There is a light taste that is also very vague. It's not overpowering but it's also not bad at all. The mouthfeel is about average, in which the beer is not dry or leaves a bad taste, but it's still good. This is my second organic beer, but I liked the other one a lot more (Stone Mill Pale Ale). I'm not sure I'd buy this again... It's OK, but nothing to write home about."
"If this is organic beer, give me a glass of DDT."
"A good brew but not something that I would drink all the time. Definitely worth a try."
"Drinkability: Nothing special here -- would not go out of your way to find this one but nothing bad here."
"big or extreme here, just a smooth, modest, and refreshing beer."
"This is a clear, light bronze-colored beer with very little head and some effervescence. There is a very light, fruity, hop aroma. This beer has a soft taste. Hop fruit pushes up through sweet, bready, base. This lager is a little on the maltier side. This beer does actually do a decent job of foregrounding hops without any real attendant bitterness. I'll take it over many american lagers, and I'm glad this is a getting a foothold in bars in my area."
"Drinkability - for a Vienna, I like a fuller body and a maltier, more roasted flavor. The sixer's about gone but I'm not in the market for another one."
"This beer is ok. Not great, not offensive, better than miller but not worth going out of your way for."
"Wild Hop Organic Amber Lager pours a light orange color with a white head from a brown twelve ounce bottle. There's not much to the aroma, maybe the slightest hint of hops. Flavor wise, this is a mildly sweet lager, maybe a little bit of hops are noticeable, but not a whole lot. Easy drinking, but nothing special. Maybe a bit more enjoyable than a typical macro lager."
"Comprable to a somewhat tame American Pale Ale, this one is hard to get behind. The mediocre amount of hops just doesn't mix well with the low amount of esters found in a lager."
"There's few good organic beers out there, and this is one I can get behind."
"Poured from the bottle into a pint glass, beer is a very clear golden-copper color with a thin, white, bubbly head. The smell is not very apparent, but is sweet with amber and pale malts. The taste starts with a very light sweetness which quickly transitions to slightly bitter and finishes that way. Earthy, grassy hops are detectable. Mouthfeel is light-medium bodied with a hint of mouth-burning carbonation. This is a decently drinkable beer, I would drink it again but I will not buy a second time."
"http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/c/a/2006/03/30/WIG7JHVGPP1.DTL"
"Don't think I'll try this one again. I think most of us are suckered into buying this beer thinking it's a new organic craft beer we haven't seen yet. When in reality it is really just Anheuser Busch trying to sucker us into buying a beer that we think is a craft brewed organic beer with lot's of hop flavors. The marketing works the beer doesn't"
"Medium orange/amber with a large, off-white, frothy head that diminishes to a thick film fairly quickly. Decent amount of stringy lacing Smell is of sweet hay and grain, a little spruce-like hops and a bit of sweaty yeast. Taste is citrusy right away, then the malt flavors are dominant. Caramel and grain with a weak grainy finish. It has a medium-thin body, watery texture and moderate-low carbonation. The words “wild hop” are twice the size of any other words on the label and placed on a banner of red to really make those words jump out at you….. what the heck are they doing that for on the label of a beer that is hops-wise quite tame?!"
"Bottom line: There are lots of better samples of the style. I cannot recommend this one."
"I'd say worth a try, but not at great expense. Try to find it as a single. I bought mine as a single, in a wine bar of all places, at the exorbitant price of $4.50. I don't feel strongly compelled to try it again, so I figure I saved myself from shelling out $7, the going rate for a 6-pack at the local liquor stores."
"This beer pours a very clear golden orange. there was a fair head that popped like Rice Crispies. The smell is metallic. I am a machinest and this beer smells somewhat like machined aluminum. The taste is smooth for the style. A refreshing beer that would certainly be good on a hot afternoon. Drinkability is good, as is typical of the style. I could down a sixer of these and still be good. Not a great beer, but average for what it is. Drinakable and refreshing."
"DA: I tried."
"Pours golden copper with perfect clarity. Fizzy one finger head shows poor retention and no lacing. Weak nose, hint of lager malt and toasted Munich. Flash of pilsener upfront, followed by sweet Munich and a touch of grainy Vienna. Curious stawberry fruit notes pop up briefly to be washed away by subtle dextrins. Drying aftertaste, hint of german hop flavor but mostly just bland bitterness that is somewhat underbalanced. Thin in body, and medium-highly carbonated. Finishes mostly clean- just a bit grainy with a light residual sweetness mostly from the dextrins. A strange and fairly underwhelming Vienna lager, I wonder if this was how it was brewed before A-B took over."
"Pours a clear golden amber color with a tall off-white head that settles into a heavy thick lace that sticks to the sides of the glass in rings as you drink. Nose is toasted malt, fresh grain, and floral hops. Taste begins in much the same way with toasted malt and nutty grains followed by some herbal grassy hops. Mouthfeel is a bit thin perhaps. Otherwise, it’s an easy-drinking decent brew."
"Cheers!"
"I think the organic brewers need to work on this recipe some more before they convince people that organic beers are good."
"Not an awful idea if it's dirt cheap but otherwise you're better off with a Boston or Brooklyn Lager."
"I have no idea what the helium-double-hockey-sticks ""organic"" is supposed to mean, but that doesn't detract from (or add to) this beer. Wild Hop has an inviting amber color, a little bit of beer smell, and a crisp, simple taste with a touch of bitter. Not superb, but overall a nice beer that is worth a try. Maybe you can bring it to an Earth Day party."
"Carbonation seemed to be the strong point of this beer for me. No thanks, no more for me. Try a Peak brewing product if you want to go organic."
"Overall, just kind of blah."
"Seek out craft beer not this bogus, AB swindle of a brew, ""Green Valley Brewing"" please, this is a rip and a greedy grab for a sliver of the organic brew market...NIce looking brew, clear, tan head, respectable lacing left on the glass, but things go downhill from there....thin nose, cabadgy notes, sweet, sweet, sweet, minimal complexity..pass this stuff by...not to hard to find a ""'real"" craft beer made by folks who care about their product, not just profits and ripping off the consumer...sorry to rant, but this type of swindle pisses me off..."
"I didn't expect Wild Hop Lager to compare favorably to Eliot Ness or Sams Adams Boston Lager. Hell, I didn't even expect it to hang with Bohemia. On the other hand, I didn't expect the lousy beer that I just finished either. It's my own damn fault. After drinking Green Valley's Stone Mill Organic Pale Ale, this one shouldn't have been any great surprise."
"Smell is slightly weak to me, but fresh and sweet with some floral character. In the glass this beer is a crystaline amber brown with a lasting but very thin eggshell-white head. Starts creamy, gentle, and crisp. Settles on the tongue with a medium body and flavors including pepper, oats, and something slightly sour. Hop bitters are distinct throughout. Finish is smooth but strong. Expect a llong-lasting, bitter aftertaste with this one."
"D: I'm not really thrilled with this one. Lucky I got a single instead of the full 6."
"The mouth is decent for a lager. Easy enough drinker, but you can get some better examples for less money (think Berghoff & La Crosse Lager). This may be the best AB product I have had."
"Tastes dry iron and oranges with biscuit malt. grassy hops. Malty, but not wet. Little bit of tettnanger or hallertauer (noble for sure) hop finish. Heavy carb washes the liquid off the palette. body may be as much as md, but hard to tell with the too much carbonation. Decent offering."
"D: Very good, easy to pound. I like this beer as a staple, but it is not great. I am highly pleased that this quality can come from AB."
"The looks is a light amber, more like a honey copper. Light and clear. Good sporadic lacing and very strong bubbling. The aroma is an adjuncty cream with pellet hops and rice. The taste is like a macro with a little more style and attention to ingredients. The adjuncts seem to meld with the real malts and mild hops in this brew. Could be the next craft excuse for a macro."
"This is nothing earth-shattering, but nice for its simplicity. A good choice for an easy-drinking ""session""."
"This is way better than the Stone Mill Organic Pale Ale or whatever. This actually is inoffensive, and even goes quite alright with the pizza I'm having. Not bad, but not worth the price tag when I can get Boston Lager for cheaper."
"Mouthfeel-- a bit watery on the mouth other than as mentioned above, with minimal aftertaste or residual effect. I sensed quite a bit of banana-taste after drinking a second one of these a few nights after the first, and this might explain the somewhat marred overall paradox of good-bad about this beer-- possibly even some Diacetyl going on, here. I wouldn't be surprised since ""Green Valley Brewing"" is just a pseudo-micro cover for Budweiser."
"This beer was easy to drink. A nice organic brew. Give it a try."
"Drinkability: As my dad put it: ""expensive football beer."" It's not bad, and it goes down easy like you might want a beer to while you're watching football, but for the amount you're paying, buy something with flavor. Luckily, the juicy steak we ate with this had enough flavor to compensate!"
"This organic brew is made from 100 percent certified organic barley with lager yeast and non- organic hops. It utilizes 100 percent recycled packaging, making it an Earth- friendly product in more ways than one. It is an interesting beer with a very natural taste and it uses mostly organic ingredients, making it a great choice for health food advocates. I don’t consider this a classic brew by a long shot, but it is a respectable effort for an organic beer."
"Poured a golden slightly amber color with a head that disappeared quickly. The smell reminded me of Murphy's Irish Red Beer Taste has a slight floral after taste with good carbination. It's drinkable and would possibly buy it again if it was on sale."
"M/D- Bubbly and refreshing....good for a hot day...other than these things there is not much too it for me....I know that this beer will probably go over well....it is a friendly beer produced by AB and I think that they will be fairly successful at breaking into the organic market with this one."
"Drinkability: It tastes okay, but I won't rush out to buy more once I finish my six-pack (3 Wild Hops, 3 Stone Mills)."
"This brew pours with a truly amber color, very clear, and with a white head. The head is fairly dense, with respectable longevity and lace. The aroma is a mix of hops and toasted grains. There’s a hint of malt in the smell as well, but it’s certainly tilted toward a lightly floral hop aroma. The taste has slightly toasted malt and caramel flavors, followed quickly with a nice bitterness. Hop bitterness is a nice theme that runs through the beer, but there’s not much depth of character. It’s a fairly one-dimensional brew. The mouthfeel is pretty disappointing. It’s got a smooth, but very watery and unsatisfying feel. Although it started out with promise, this one showed itself to be just an okay, almost ho-hum sort of brew."
"Pretty damn mediocre. Not horrendous, but we'll see when it warms from low-cellar temp (48) to the low 60s."
"Drinkability: I will have no problem finishing this one, and would welcome another."
"Overall I was surprised by this beer. With everything I've read I expected the worse from an organic brew, but this was actually an ok beer."
"Very drinkable. Light flavor makes this a good every day beer."
"Nice, but I don't see myself running to buy more in the future."
"D: Nice. Interesting. There's more malt here than I was expecting based on their pale ale. And the unusual hop flavors are intriguing. It's also balanced nicely and it kind of draws you back to have another sip. I could see this pairing well with veal sausage, maple-barbequed cornish hens, pumpkin soup, salmon, or a baked potato with sour cream and chives. I'll keep this one in mind when I go to pick up beer for a party where drinkers tend to be on the fence. Worth trying!"
"Drinkability/notes: A fairly well-crafted example, although as far as I am concerned, the organic content is a novelty, nothing more. Still, quite pleasant, overall."
"Overall this is a fine beer, especially from AB. I've increased my rating of it after seeing it classified as a Vienna Lager. This is a fine choice for a session craft beer. Let's see more brews like it from the big guys!"
"Overall I think that Wild Hop is worth a try. I don't think I will personally ever buy it again, though."
"A nice drinkable lager."
"The beer is a sort of dark golden, almost amber but not quite, and sports a nice white head. The aroma is good - a nice blend of spicy hop, some malt breaking through, and some fruitiness- but it seems too fruity for a lager. The flavor is nice too, well balanced between malt and hops, perhaps a touch cloying but not bad at all - I still get a little of the fruitiness but it is more reserved. Overall this is a good solid offering. I don't think its quite as robust in its maltiness as I'd like but its pretty close and its a heck of a lot better than the regular AB stuff."
"Overall, this is just a bland beer with some attempt at taste. Finish is more awkward than a crag-climbing gangly adolescent on stilts."
"Drinkability is average. This is basically an organic version of macro-lager. It seems to be more for gulping than sipping which will appeal to some, but not me."
"An OK lager in all respects. This stuff isn't going to put Germany out of the beer business but it is significantly better than most. Not worth a lot of effort to get but not bad."
"All in all, I'm not impressed. I know that A-B must have a robust R&D capability. However, I don't feel that this product is a good demonstration of a capability that must exist within the nation's largest brewer."
"It certainly does not live up to its name. If this is the best macros have to throw out, craft beer is pretty safe."
"D - Again, WTF? Why would they go to the trouble of producing and marketing a product meant to compete with craft brews, that's below the standards of almost all of the competition? They have the resources to make OUTSTANDING beer, but they choose to make sub-par dreck. I just don't get it. Needless to say, I won't be buying it again."
"Notes: I see they are affiliated with Anheiser Busch and that doesn't really surprise me as they brew a very clean product and this is along those lines. I don't believe this is a vienna lager, at least the Vienna's I've tried don't share much similarity with this. Regardless of style this is a quality offering and if Whole Foods wasn't such a complete chaos fest every time I go in one I'd buy this more often."
"Pours a light amber color without much of head. Hop aroma subtly wafts from the glass. Taste is light caramel with a bit of sweetness followed by a decent hop flavor. Nothing earth shattering here, a decent brew but I wouldn't make it my preference. Fairly tame as far as hoppy beers go and a bit unexciting."
"I got this at my local bowling establishment on league night (Colonial Lanes in Iowa City, IA) along with the Pale Ale. The waitress warned me on the Pale Ale and suggested this one (calling it a ""wheat beer", which it's not). Tried it, it's a fine alternative to Bud Light but that's about the best I can say. Like any A-B beer, it's easy going down, but they have still failed at their attempt at making a serious craft beer. Nothing remarkable, though also nothing repulsive about this beer."
"Nicely hopped-up for a lager, but somehow the balance seemed a bit off. The hopping had a touch of harshness or raw-edge that needed some ale malt to smooth out, and it was a bit much for the lager to carry. It is nice, however, to see this A-B affiliated enterprise taking on the task of making a hoppy beer, and actually using hops."
"Pours a clear golden color with a huge head of large off white bubbles. Aroma is relatively neutral…not something I would expect from a “Wild Hop” beer. Sweetens as the beer warms. Light hints of grass and sugar. Taste is very mild with almost a complete no show from the base malt and a token presence from the hops. Once again, as it warms, the malt comes out more. Body is thin and watery. Aftertaste has some grassy bitterness. The label boasts a “rich, flavorful taste”. Hardly. I guess this beer is just trying to sell on the fact it is organic. They may get many to try it based on the organic status, but I doubt they will have many repeat customers. Boring beer for a BA, and too much grassy hop aftertaste for a BMC drinker. I don’t see how this one will last unless my taste buds are completely off. If you are going to drink this, I suggest you let it warm a bit from refrigerator temp up into the 50’s. Another reason this will not catch on with a BMC-drink it ice cold-crowd."
"A lager beer I have to say I had never seen or heard of until today,poured a lear bronze with almost no head to speak of and what was there really left quickly leaving a flat looking beer afterwards.Decent aromas some toasty and lighlty sweet caramelly malt with a decent dose of grass and sharp herb,basic not much frill on the palate outside of a pretty good sharpness imparted by a healthy dose of hop otherwise somewhat sweet and caramelly upfront.Somewhat flat mouthfeel kinda wentdown like water in a bad way.Its decent close to being very good but misses on a few key points."
"Highly drinkable, subtle but well done."
"I saw this in Total Wine in Landmark, VA and wanted to give it a try, having read the recent ASN and MABN articles on the A-B hop farm in Idaho that mentioned it. When poured in the glass, it's a nice amber color and very clear. The head starts OK but thins out, but there are lots of bubbles that keep bubbling right on until the end. This beer has a clean, malty aroma that smells pretty good. There's a decent flavor, a little thin, but a lingering finish and good balance all the way through. I think there's probably too much carbonation for the body of the beer. All in all, there's not enough going on to really want any more."
"Ok beer, but nothing really special. I appreciate the eco-friendly and all-natural approach, but I won't go out of my way way for it again. A light caramel malt body and flavor with an assertive addition of grassy, earthy hops. Lightly pecan-like and mildly peach and appricot tasting. All characters blend well in the nose, but the flavor is dominated by the hops, leaving the beer seemingly thin and out of balance. I think that the malts are properly scaled, but the hops are very heavy in comparison."
"Good session brew, this. Also a great crossover beer. But certainly not something for hop heads."
"Light bodied and surprisingly flavorful. I'm beginning to think that the marketing strategy here is less ""fool the beer geeks"" and more ""hide the true brand so Bud drinkers don't think we've gone all fruity."" A surprisingly nice offering from AB nonetheless."
"Not that bad an effort for an A-B beer. It sure beats Miller's explorations into craft brewing. Too bad they were 20 years late in getting it to market."
"Overall impressions: Not a bad beer - but I'm not sure about the name. Hop flavors are definitely not a dominate feature of this beer, so why name the beer after hops? Body is a bit thin, but it is drinkable and pleasant."
"A little sweet. Nice attempt at a big hopped lager, thought not sure of the IBU's here, and Victory Prima Pils is much better example of big hopped lager. But good balance, even though I wanted a little more malt cereal to come through, but that;s my personal preference."
"Overall a very drinkable lager, I was pleasantly suprised with this beer."
"Pours a light orangish amber color that produces a small fizzy head that quickly dissapears into nothing. Very faint and mild aroma that features some mild toasted malt and a faint whiff of hops. Taste is faint toasted malt that finishes with a faint hop presence. Overall, I find this to be a pretty bland and extremely watered down brew. I can almost compare it to a watered down Sam Adams Boston Lager. I like that A-B is trying to make better beer, but this one needs a little more work."
"Wild Hop Lager starts with a light white head that falls quickly into just a ring around the edge and a few islands of foam. No lace on the way down. Bright golden color, very clear and sparkling, not dark enough for the Vienna Lager listed as the style on BA but more macro lager, which makes sense since the website says Green Valley Brewing is owned by A-B. Clean aroma with the fruityness of the cascade hops coming through the nose. Actually fairly assertive for a lager. Apple-ish smell like Bud--can't remember what causes it (yeast??) but not suprising after looking at the website. The nose has a bit of complexity, at least more than a normal macro. Enjoyable if you're expectations aren't too high."
"Wild Hop Organic Lager was amber in color and very clear with an off-white head. The head was medium in size with decent retention. The aroma was citrus hops and light malt. The taste was light hops with some sweet malt. The finsh was dry, with light hop flavor and a touch of bitterness. The mouthfeel was thin with good carbonation. Drinkabilty was above average. It's not nearly as hoppy the name ""Wild Hop"" would suggest, but a decent beer overall."
"To me the beer was way too thin in flavor and smell. I was hoping that when A-B jumped into this end of the market they would bring better than this. It was quite drinkable and refreshing but more like a lawn mower domestic macro than a flavorful micro. At $7.99 a six pack I could have gotten more for less."
"Overall. It's new, so i had to try it. It's not bad, but for the price ($7.50), i can get a better beer. Being affiliated with AB, it's one of their finer beers."
"On a side note, is this really a Vienna Lager!?!?"
"Cheers!"
"Clear tangerine with some off white head and minimal lacing. Smell is a bit weak, some maltyness but not much there. Taste is a bit richer, more malty, and some crisp hoppyness in the background. Mouthfeel has some body to it, some suds, but finishes on the thin, soapy side. Overall fairly drinkable, light and refreshing, but the soapyness would really start bothering me after a few."
"Don't really care for the taste much....it has some toasted maltiness but along with a bit of the perfume like hoppiness....leaves a bland aftertaste...relatively watery body....not a whole lot of flavor...personally I think I'd take a Bud over this....not impressed with AB's latest foray into microstyle beer (And I wanted to like this one)..."
"Poured from the bottle to a bright copper color with some carbonation, a thin off-white head that lingered and little lacing. I was able to detect some hoppy fruit, although aroma was faint. Flavor was hard to pick out anything dominant, but it did taste. Finish was some bitter dryness, though not as much as I expected when you have ""Hop"" in the name. But this was still a big step up for A-B."
"Off to a good start. If A-B is taking craft beer seriously, good things could happen for those of us who love the stuff. I was skeptical, but this was a positive first encounter."
"($6.88 / 6-pack)"
"This is a curious move by Anheuser-Busch. It's a move toward craft beer without giving any hint of being from AB on the packaging. It seems they're trying to lure back some craft beer drinkers without scaring them away with the AB name. The problem is, this one won't lure back the craft beer crowd. It's just nothing special and is essentially the first baby step in crossover beers. My only hope for this ""series"" of brews from AB is that one or two actually stick around and infiltrate the Bud, Miller, Coors bars to at least give a passable option for craft beer drinkers when at one of said locations...other than that, this one is an average if not solidly made brew."
"This beer poured a clear golden color with a quickly dissipating head. The smell was surprisingly sweet for a beer called Wild Hop. The taste of this beer was smooth and balanced between malt and hops. The mouthfeel was full with a carbonation bite. I wasn’t really expecting much with the organic hops being advertised, but was pleasantly surprised. I think this is a delightfully drinkable beer."
"Drinks okay, but not enough here to get excited about, having said that this is a step in the right direction for AB & I'd buy it again at many locales where there aren't many micros to choose from"
"An A-B product? I have to plead ignorance when I picked this up as there is no mention of this being made by the world macro superpower. Needless to say it took only a few sips to uncover the Busch similarity, and for me to make pennance to the God's of Good Beer."
