review_text
"Pours a amber color with medium, thin head. Aroma is weak but of caramel and some floral hops. Taste is a nice roasted malt followed up with a decent amount of sweetness. A bit of orange and grassy hops is also evident. It is light on the palate with a long-lasting, sweet aftertaste. A nice example of a Vienna lager."
"Beer itself is quite smooth. Sweet upfront, no bitterness at all. Really high mouthfeel, pretty thick a little too thick. Finishes nicely and no aftertaste. Drinkability is high (really high). I would definitely order this again."
"I bet this would be better fresh and with a little more carbonation."
"EDIT: if you are thinking about buying this beer for the bottles, don't let the C+ discourage you: the beer is Ok, and I will drink them, it just realy isn't anything at all to write home about."
"Overall: This beer has a complexity that makes it definitely worth trying. Every sip seems to bring about a slightly different dimension although there is nothing that is particularly surprising about it. I would purchase it again."
"Color is relatively clear, slightly hazed copper color. Very weak, off white head that retains what little body it has and leaves very few spots of lacing. Fairly sweet nose, caramel and toasted malt, maybe some slight diacetyl. Creamy, smooth body with light carbonation and finish of slight hop bitterness. Flavor again has a slight diacetyl presence which is distracting. Regardless, flavor has strong toasted malt backbone, light grain flavors but overall just feels flat and lifeless. Not bad, but a little more carbonation would help. Drinkability is hurt by diacetyl presence."
"500ml swing top bottle. Red/amber coloured beer with a nice frothy off white head. Good toasty malty aroma..loved it slight Ovaltine scent in this too..which again i loved. Nice malt driven beer, biscuity,doughy, strong, touch of hops in the end. I found this fairly inviting on the palate. Good drinkable vienna. Liked it a lot simple but good."
"Overall a decent one but not the best from the brewery."
"D: I'd call it thirst-quenching. Not bad for one or two on a hot a Saturday afternoon in the summer, but I'd generally choose something else were the selection better."
"D: An easy drinking beer, sweet, smooth and no problem going down. Would definitely buy and try this again."
"4/4/3/3/10 (2.4/5)"
"D - I suppose this would be OK on a hot day out of a cooler... or if you want a semi-cool bottle."
"Drinkability is great. I can't say that I'd drink this all day but it's very easy to drink. The sweetness isn't overbearing to me, like a tripel, but very light. Very easy to drink a few of, and pairs very well with everything I've had it with. A great lunchtime/sandwich beer."
"D: This is a nice, drinkable beer but I think after two one would be looking for something new that's a little more ""alive"" on the palate. I enjoyed this one and will drink it again."
"Overall, I enjoyed the quality and especially the choice of hops. Good drinkability overall and worth a try if you like a good lager."
"D: Well worth the 4-pk .5L swing top I purchased. I'm getting more and some of there other offerings."
"D - I suppose this would be OK on a hot day out of a cooler if you wanted to impress Bud-swilling friends, but that's about it."
"Overall, below average and not really worth you time or money. Won't kill you though..."
"A great Vienna, picked up in Batavia. Creamy head with dark chocolate and maltiness,nuts and coconuts and in the mouthfeel. Smooth drinker, though on the chocolate milk feeling. Bitterness right at the end.Much was done with little (the purity laws)."
"This beer poured a red-tinted copper color with a single-finger head. The smell is mostly malt sweetness with a hoppy undertone. The taste starts off with some nice malty sweetness that's cut by a small amount of hops and finishes with an almost nuttiness that's very tasty. The mouthfeel is smooth with a middling amount of carbonation. It's a nice drinkable beer, and I could see myself having a couple in a row."
"Not much else to say on this one... I will buy it again, but sporadically... this is only my 2nd Schwelmer brew, and so far I am not overly impressed, but I am glad they are actually available in Boise."
"Drinkability- Well worth trying. Probably the best Vienna lager I've had outside of Germany,"
"Pours a slightly clouded gold with a crème head that was big off an aggressive pour, but came down fairly quickly. Nose is mild with a slight malt presence and cereal tone as well. Not a lot to it though. Flavor is medium bodied I would say. Slight robust edge to it and a peppery, spicy bite on the tongue as well. Feel is pretty standard. Drinkable as an average brew. Nothing to write home about or ever return to again."
"Nothing too impressive but worth a shot."
"Drinkability: This beer is nothing special for the price but it does go down easy and has cool bottle."
"Headless Horseman. Color, and smell are coppery, like a penny. Looks kinda like carbonated iced tea. Taste is better, until the aftertaste, which is metallic and unpleasant. If I were in one of my moods I would crucify this beer... Thing is, the taste is pretty good until the aftertaste, but the aftertaste is among the worst I've ever experienced. If this were a high gravity beer I would probably drain it to spare my sobriety, but, dammit.... I don't know what else to say. This beer is almost good, but it sucks, and my teeth hurt. Tastes like fillings and flat cola. Yeah! That's it... reminds me of getting fillings, which from my standpoint tends to detract from a beer's drinkability. Yeah, this is garbage. Worst beer I've had since that stupid root beer Jim Koch pissed out last year. Ugh."
"It's a great tasting fruity, flavorful beer. This is full and lite, similar to a flavor explosion. Good full feeling that goes down smooth. Only lacking in that it is almost sort of flat. This is very smooth summertime beer. Good alternative to the German Hefeweizen."
"Pours a very light sunset burnt orange with a nice two finger white head that quickly dies down to a tiny layer. Stickiness is non-existant but this seems to be the case for lagers. Smell is a buttery yeast, some caramel malt, sweet honey, and the tiniest bit of noble hops. Taste is a clean/crisp bready malt with a hint of bitterness midway through. Aftertaste is a honey sweetness with a bit of salty butter. Mouthfeel is light bodied with a fair amount of carbonation that leaves an unexpected dry mouth. Pretty good beer that goes down quite easily. I first tried this one at the BA German Beer Fest a few weeks ago and had to pick up a bottle. Good, solid, lager. Give it a try for sure."
"This is one of my favorites in a bottle. Has a rich taste, that has always been as fresh tasting as any bottled beer I have had. Definite must to try."
"Taste is malty and the beer has some bitterness which is nicely balanced. The beer has some dextrinous characteristics, which give the beer a sweet and slightly sticky mouthfeel. Body is medium and drinkability is good."
"Drinkability: Just too flawed by the diacetyl for me to recommend this"
"Plain-ish German lager with some caramel grains. It reminds me of a Euro pale lager with slightly darker grains, like a dumbed down amber ale. There isn't much of a hops profile and the malt isn't too special. It's still smooth and somewhat tasty. Not to bad."
"Drinkability/Overall: A nice, malty, fairly tasty little Vienna. Nothing outstanding, but entirely drinkable and smooth going down."
"Failry easy enough to drink, but boring."
"Poured a clear light amber color with an average off-white head that left some light lacing as it dissipated. The smell is not very distinct, it has a light pilsner hop smell, peppery. No real hop in the taste, has some smooth caramel maltiness to it. The feel is light and dry and finishes bitter. Not a bad offering, worth a sampling, not sure if would venture out for it."
"Drinks alright a very basic vienna, nothing to get worked up about"
"This beer poured an amber gold , with a half inch of eggshell head. The aroma is of mild husky , and vaguely toasty malt and a slight herbal hop. The taste is of grainy , husky , bisquity , and slightly musty malt qualities , with some more herbal , mildly grassy and bitter hop flavor too balance. Its a very well balanced and easy drinking brew , and the flavors are quite pleasant ; but they are just a tad bit underwhelming or fleeting. Definatly a decent brew to quaff , i can think of much worse beer to be imbibing on this night."
"I poured this half liter flip top bottle into a glass beer mug. I pours a clean straw yellow very crist with a two fingered head. This is my first Vienna Lager and I like it. Its smell is sweet and hoppy very clean, it is chased with moderate bitterness. This mouthful is light with moderate carbonation. Overall this is a very drinkable beer, and may purchase it again."
"I can't recommend this."
"Pours a stale looking deep amber with little bubbles and a small head that lasts for only two sips. The smell is of bland and watery sweet malts. The taste is a btter reflection of the aroma. Some light brown sugar and toasted mlats with a hint of a quick roast to the malt at the end. A little dry on the palate, but still a little cleansing to the palate."
"BB 13-08-06. White head and amberbrownand clear beer. Nose is very full of caramel but clean in esters. Missing maltyness of good marzen or vienna and is bit whee sweet in nose IMO. Missing fullnes/maltsweetness in taste also and also poorly hopped. Watery mouthfeel and drinkable."
"Overall nothing much of interest. An average malty lager."
"Poured from a classic style flip top bottle into a rastal pilsner glass. Beautiful white head that formed 2 fingers at the top of the glass. Great malty nose that reminded me of standing in the middle of a brewery. Well balanced, there is a slight hop presence but not ""hoppy"" at all. Slightly sweet with caramel and toffy notes. Golden color which surprised me since the outside of the bottle says "" One of a kind AMBER beer sensation"". Overall very refeshing."
"D- felt a little sick about half way through, not full sick just wasn't sitting quite right"
"Quite nice!"
"Drinkability: High. Could've had a few more of these fellas."
"A well made German Lager. Pours out to a medium golden orange color with a nice 1/2 inch head of fome. Some lace. Medium low levels of carbonation. Aromas of bread and dough cross the nose, with some maltiness and grain notes. Even a touch of honey. Nice. Taste is straightforward and direct. No hidden or overly complex flavors here, folks. Malts, wood, grain, husk, a note of bread and dough. Again, quite nice. The mouthfeel is uneventful, with little carbonation making it to the tongue. A step above water, otherwise. Drinkability is ok; this is a good beer, but I can't see myself drinking it in quantity. Worth a try."
"Pours a golden color with a nice head from a half liter brown swingtop bottle. Aroma seems a little fruity. The taste is on the malty side, there seems to be a moment of metallic taste in it (by no means overpowering though). I like this beer, it's very drinkable. Worth a try."
"Served in bottle. I have enjoyed their Alt before and thought this would also be good to try. The beer poured a clear golden color with a minimal white head with some carbonation. The smell of the beer is a pleasing caramel, malty aroma with some citrus notes in the background. The taste is a good balance of the caramel malts that I noted in the aroma but there is also some nutty notes in the taste that is enjoyable. This, as the Alt from Schwelmer are easy to drink and give you a nice taste that lingers for a bit."
"I poured this beer into a mug from a 500ml swing top bottle. The beer pours a crystal clear ruddy copper color with a 1 inch head which settles down to a 1/2 inch fine layer atop the beer. It has a light to medium malty aroma, but there is also a hint of spice. The taste is of bread, very light citrus and is balanced with some spiciness. The mouthfeel is soft and clean and sits very light in the mouth. This was a very easy beer to drink, nice."
"Drinkability: This beer is a no-brainer; nothing out-of-the-ordinary going on, but quite delicious and easy to drink."
"mouthfeel is full and smooth. very nice and easy drinking. vienna would be one of my more favored of the lager varieties, and this was an enjoyable example."
"500 ml flip top bottle. Schwelmer Bernstein pours out a clear yellowish brown color with a rapidly diminishing head. The aroma is apples, a little caramel, and floral German hops. Grainy malt flavor with a little bit of apple fruitiness. Finishes with German hops, and a bit of a metallic mineral flavor. The mouthfeel is not very crisp, but it's creamy. Decent drinkability. This is a fairly good beer, but it's not as good as other offerings from the brewery, especially the alt."
"A beer I would happily drink again but as the style is not my favourite ,not one I would seek to drink a lot of"
"Swing top bottle purchased at Whole Foods in Middletown, New Jersey. As a rule I like this style because it has a nice sweet malty taste without being cloying or heavy. This brew did not disappoint, it was a superb example of the style. Pours a nice amber - brown with a generous white head that was not too short-lived nor was it long lasting. Left lots of nice lacing and had a sweet caramel malt profile with a nice short bitter hoppy finish. I will buy this one again."
"An ok beer, but not a beer that I'd return to. Definatley better than locally brewed Macro lagers, and the bottle rocked!"
"The swingtop bottle is cool and good for homebrewing, I wish more breweries would do this. Clear dark gold color with bronze highlights. Medium fluffy white head. Aroma is of roasted barley, doughy bread, and toasted almonds. Taste is lacking the flavor intensity I want. Palate seems a little thin and undercarbonated. Smooth but the flavors just don't come out. Caramel is there along with biscuit and some light floral hops in the finish. Kind of forgetable. No off flavors here but nothing great either. Decent and drinkable but I wouldn't recommend."
"A very quick drinker. Not that bad. Not complicated."
"Schwelmer Bernstein (sounds like the name of a concert pianist) is a rather ho-hum version of the style in my opinion. The lack of any horrendous missteps means that it's drinkable, but the lack of any bright spots whatsoever means that it's also forgettable."
"notes: goes very well with pre-season bruins hockey."
"Pours a nice rich light copper with a big fluffy white well retained head,aromas of lightly sweet pizza dough and and black pepper I like the beginnings of this brew.Very refreshing and quaffable some may think because of the darker color this lager maybe not as quaffable but they would be wrong here.Taste is toasty and lightly sweet but there is a nice herbal,spicey hoppiness that takes over adding to the drinkability and keeping it balanced.I personally love this beer and this style of beer its hard to find and this one is a gem."
"A mellow herbal and sweet malt body, blends well with sharp-edged floral hop bite. Minor tastes of limes vie for attention. This is a well-balanced and very quaffable Vienna. It finishes clean."
"Go for it, please!"
"Overall: Cost $2.69 at Hollingshead Delicatessen in Orange, CA. I enjoyed the Pils and the Weizen, but this one is a miss for me. Next…"
"I will buy this to have around for my lightweight visitors, as I won't buy Spud Blight. Hell, I'll even drink one every now and again."
"Good drinkable beer here not outstanding but not bad at all. I will buy again."
"Pours light straw amber colored, moderate carbonation, no head. Smells consists of minute malts, alcohol, and a punch of flowery hops. Taste was not a very good balance. Mainly was hoppy, watery, and alcoholy. Minor hints of citrus and flower. Gave me heartburn going down."
"But no matter. This is a very satisfying beer and in all probability I drank it long before 881050, whatever that is. My half-liter swivel-top bottle of Bernstein was soft-bodied with surging carbonation, clear warm yellow with a gentle white head and soothing malt aroma. It featured a grainy malt taste with agreeable bittering. This light, dry lager is built to gentle contours. It is admirable and easy to drink though not especially amber as it is described on the label."
"This beer actually gets better the more you drink it. At first I wasn't too impressed but now I quite like it as a session beer."
"A 500 ml swing top bottle...clear dark gold color, not red enough to be called amber. Big fluffy head of foam that has big pockets and so falls down in less than a minute. Small but sticky and persistent lacing. Aroma is malt-laced, toffee-ish with sweet butter. Mouthfeel is lighter than expected, carbonation is less-than-average overall. Taste starts out fairly well, like the aroma in many elements, but soon mixed with distinct papery tones and an autumn leaves yeasty mustiness that reminds me of old postage stamp hinges for affixing them to collecting albums. Doesn't pull out of this by the aftertaste, more of the pastey qualities seem to come through, and the buttery aroma doesn't mix well. Not as bad as Fischer Amber, but some similarities."
"Schwelmer delivers yet again. I found this beer to be quite tasty and eager to be drunk. Very appealing and perfect for any session."
"Bottle. Deep amber in color with a wisp of a white head. Malty and hoppy flavor. Mild malty flavor. Mild hop flavor. Citrus hops. Crisp and refreshing. Smooth tasting. Well balanced beer. Nice smooth character. Crisp and clean tasting. Nice beer. Enjoyable. Drinkable."
"0.33L (11.2 oz.) stubby bottle. This brew pours a clear gold, lighter than expected. Head is off-white respectable in stature. Aroma exeeds expectations, consisting of toasted milled grains and whole grain bread. Hops are noted in the aroma as well lending a spicy peppery element. Aromas meld into a flavorful brew with biscuity, toffee, hoppy, spicy and fruity (maybe green apple) notes. Could be a light colored Oktoberfest or Vienna Lager labeled as an Amber for the US market? Dunno. Nevertheless a tasty brew."
"Drinkability – This is a good Lager that oozes authenticity. The flavors were a little off but the terrific mouthfeel and high drinkability of this effort from Schwelm is a winner."
"Drinkability & Notes: A decent amber lager, more of a quick lunch time beer as I would probably not drink more than one."
"I like this one alot."
"A nice clean dark golden beer with a big off white fizzy head. The aroma has that malt sweetness that I find a lot of Marzen style beers. There is a light fruitiness in there also with a background hint of spice. The sweetness is not as assertive as (again) most of this style that I have had. but the hop bitterness creates an nice dry finish. The taste does not overwhelm your palate. Which would make it a good beer to drink many of."
"Nice and tasty. Straight out of the swing top bottle which opened with a pop, the beer was dark golden. The pours I gave David and myself came topped with a 1/2 of thick but frothy cream colored head. It has since died down, but is still covering my glass. Interesting aroma, I am picking up some earthiness, faint breadyness, and maybe some 'walk in an apple orchard'. Taste is pleasant, not far-reaching in any particular areas, but concentrating on biscuity malt, followed by some sweetness, and some small mouth watering bitterness. Easy to drink, I can see this being a great session brew."
"The beer pours a dark gold/amber color with a thick frothy white head that slowly fades to lacing. The aroma is good. It has a dry, yet creamy malt scent that boasts of pale and crystal malts. It is a bit musty and fruity on the finish. The taste is good. It has a crisp and dry malty flavor that goes down easy and finishes slightly bitter. The hops linger in the aftertaste; very nice. The mouthfeel is decent. It is a medium bodied beer with good carbonation. This is a good drinking German Octoberfest. It has excellent flavor and aroma; a good drinker."
"This is Schwelmers newest creation, and I would say it is an instant classic! I only tired it a few times, since they only just introduced it last year (2002). But this Amber-Colored Beer is exceptionally smooth and soft. Very pretty new Flip-Top Bottle; giving it the look of a turn of the century brew."
