review_text
"this is a great pilsner, hard to find.  It is not bitter, not a dark beer, and not an ale, so don't rate it as one."
""
""
""
""
""
""
"A decent light tasting amber."
""
""
""
"O: I enjoy this brew as a laid back session beer. Low ABV, solid flavor, doesn't really get old. This is a go to for a classic American beer. Drink it while listening to a little Dylan on a warm summer night, and you might just appreciate it."
"D - As far as Vienna Lagers go, this one is pretty tasty. Appearance and aroma were not impressive but this is a good sessionable lager at a good price."
"Drinkability: I have a hard time believing this is a Vienna. Nothing offensive here, but certainly nothing worth returning to either."
"Mouthfeel is light and crisp. Finishes clean. This would be easy to session and an ideal alternative to a standard American lager."
"Pours a clear, golden/amber color. 1/6 inch head of a white color. Decent retention and poor lacing. Smells of yeast, pale malt, and slight hops. Fits the style of a Vienna Lager. Mouth feel is smooth and crisp with an average carbonation level. Tastes of yeast, pale hops, sweet malt, and slight citrus. Overall, nothing special, but a rather decent vienna."
"pours a clear amber color with some lacing..it has a bready malty smell with some spice..the taste is thin with some hop/spice and malt a little grassy taste but not memorable. the mouth feel is thin and light .this is not one ill buy but one to try i guess"
"A boring brew for me but I know alot of people that would enjoy the hell out of this style."
"D-A pleasant, easy-drinking brew. A lighter body than one may expect, considering the rather hearty aroma. Very sessionable."
"MF/D: Nice carbonation, med-light in body for a Vienna, and exceptionally drinkable for its style."
"I had James Page on tap at a hotel in St. Paul, MN. That's the only place I've ever seen it (I'm in ND) or even heard about it. But I tell you what, it's an excellent beer. It's a darker lager, with a bit of a sweet taste. I like dark beers, and I really like James Page Amber Lager. If you get a chance to try it out, do it."
"Pours a clear amber color with a large white head that had decent retention. Moderate amount of lacing is left on the glass. Mild hop aroma but it is evident with earthy and spice hints. I detect a hint of diactyl. Nice malt base is the strong point in the flavor. The hops I was expecting from the aroma kind of fall away in the taste. Just hints of noble hops in the finish. Again I detect a little diactyl. Light body and moderately carbonated. Nice texture to this lighter bodied beer. Probably the best James Page beer and is very sessionable. One of the better Vienna Lagers I have sampled."
"Overall not to bad but not great. The mouth feel is kinda mouth coating but slightly powdery."
"D: It is a good session beer with a low ABV, light body and balanced and non-obtrusive flavors."
"Overall just an average Amber."
"overall, i dont know if ill buy this again but its not too bad"
"Bottle from Park Lane Liquor in Lancaster, CA, bottle states it is from Minneapolis, MN. The beer pours a glowing orange-amber color with a minimal off-white head that bubbles away to nothing immediately. Lacing is virtually non-existent. Tart fruit and light malt aroma. Medium-bodied with a tart fruit and pungent malt flavor that makes me wonder if this beer predates the Stevens Point ownership. Very little hops are present. The finish is fruity cough medicine. Pass."
"Kind of a boring one dimensional beer. Nothing that would make me want to try it again."
"Presentation was in a 12oz bottle and produced a large head with an amber almost ruby in color. There was a huge sweet malty aroma that staied there through the inital taste with a strong yeasty bready flavor. there wasnt too much hop flavor. For my oppinion there was way too much carbonation for the style. it has the amout of carbonation you would see in a secondary fermention, the was no indication of that, or in a beer like a belgan blonde. The over high carbnation distracted from the over all flavor."
"Served out of a can on a Northwest Airlines flight. Pours a brownish/orange with a big head and good lacing. Muted nose with an almost metallic hint to it. Taste is sweet and smooth with just barely a slight bitter end. Flavor doesn’t stay too long, but it doesn’t drop off immediately either. Towards the end you seem to notice some flaws in it’s degree of smoothness which brings down the drinkability."
"Drinkability: Safe... Nothing objectionable. Just average."
"Tart odor, quickly receding head atop an actively carbonated drink wtih a pretty, rich amber/orange hue. Taste is comprised of a nicely balanced bitter edge on a sweet malt subtly spiced with black pepper and clove. Rich flavor, substantial mouthfeel. All in all a fine example of a style that is not inherently all that adventurous."
"This is a surprisingly good Vienna Lager. Truthfully I didn't expect a whole lot from this brew but it's a pleasant surprise. I don't run into this style too often but this is a good example."
"I used to drink alot of this beer, I always enjoyed it. But it isn't as good as I remember it. I am not sure if that has something to do with Point brewing it now or the fact that my tastes have evolved. Not much head retention here without much lacing. Aroma is pretty much non-exsistant. Flavor is ok quite malty with a touch of a genaric hop flavor. This beer is still an extremely drinkable session beer, but it isn't one that I am going to reach for unless the selection is weak."
"The mouthfeel is fairly dry and crisp. The body is light. None too drinkable, though. I'm glad I only got a single."
"Drinkability is well- ask my 12 pack."
"Drinkability is ok. I like the nuttiness, but as with most ambers, I'm not impressed enough to seek this out."
"A very good go-to beer."
"As a side bar, the flight attendant gave me 3 cans as I got off the plane for our sampling group to savor."
"In a can. On a plane, in a plastic cup is how I enjoyed this little brew. no freshness dating to be seen. Poured clear light amber, sporting a decent looking off white head. Even left some respectable looking lacing. Just a hit of malt in the nasel aroma department. Middle of theorad amber, minor maple/malt notes. Can declares ""Hand crafted, quality brewed"" Best I can say is ""Decent drinking, better then M.B & C."""
"Pours a clear amber with decent beginning head, ok lacing, decent. Aroma is light, slightly fruity and sweet caramel malts, meh. Taste is a little funky, slight sweet caramel malts, a bit grainy, hops are weak and hardly there, Mouth is decent enough, carbonation decent. All in all, weak, decent and ok are words used too often here. Just, meh."
"The only other James Page Brewing Company beer that I've had was Voyageur Extra Pale Ale and I was pretty lukewarm about it. It may be nothing more than the circumstances surrounding the consumption of each, but Iron Range strikes me as a better beer. I'll be sure to keep an eye out for more from this brewery whenever I next take a trip up Madison way."
"head that dissappers rapidley to nothing. Not much carbonation either. Mouth-feel is a little slick and it goes down pretty good with a very slightly dry finish. Taste is good for this style and I would recommend giving this brew a try."
"Poured from a can, this beer is a clear amber-bronze color with an average-white head. The aroma is somewhat enticing…a little caramel malt, a little grain, some lightly toasted malts. There’s very little hops in the aroma. The taste is similar, this is a very malt-centric beer. The malt flavor, though, is very light. Slight, extremely slight, hop bitter in the finish. Moderate carbonation, and a moderate but solidly appropriate mouthfeel. The brew does produce a minor slickness on the tongue. It’s enjoyable and fairly flavorful. It’s definitely more than I expected."
"D—I like it. Smooth and very drinkable. It reminds me a of a slightly flat Samuel Adams Boston Lager. I expect this would be good with spicy foods."
"12 ounce bottle. Pours out a dark amber color with a small head. Stale corn and cooked veggie aroma. A little bit of caramel flavor, but mainly this beer has the same cooked veggie flavor as in the aroma. Perhaps a bit of fruitiness. No hop flavor. Mouthfeel is medium. Poor drinkability. I really enjoyed their pale ale, so this beer was a real disappointment. Tastes like macro crap."
"For a second, after just retrying Page's Voyaguer EPA, I thought the move brought some recipe tweaking. Nope. This is as pesdestrian as ever, and maybe even worse than I remember."
"Good crossover brew, for the less adventurous."
"A smooth, malty Vienna Lager. This beer is a true European red with 100% two-row malted barley, Spalter hops and Munich malts, German lager yeast and a minimum six weeks of cool cellaring."
"A little hoppy, but not much depth, seems thin. Aroma lacks, but has smooth and malty tones throughout. Excellent complex finish with a sweet aftertaste. Warm. These guys are out of business now, but the Stevens Point Brewery seems to be picking them up, although I haven't seen anything new on the shelves in this label."
"Crystal clear light copper color, big white head dissipates to a solid layer of bubbles on top of the beer. Smell is carmel malt through and through. Maybe a little biscuit and alcohol scent also. Flavor is also carmel malt and a solid hops backing. Flavorful, and a thicker mouthfeel for a lager. Very good."
"Overall, it's good boot not great, worth a try... particularly if you like the clean taste of lagers and the hopy yet sweet balance of an American Brown Ale (Pete's Wicked Ale for example)."
"In Minnesota, you might find this beer offered at weddings, or other open bars, and it's a fine choice for the masses. But I need something more."
"Flavor is full bodied and malty. Some caramel and woody flavors, mild hopping in the finish, giving it a crisp dryness. Medium carbonation. Very slight alcoholic sweetness in the finish, much like a single malt. A rather nice beer, and a good marzen with a lot of character."
"pours out a clear amberish/copper colour. medium foamy head dies down to very thin wispy lace. light toasted caramel malts on the nose...smells vienna in style. earth and grass hoppiness is detected also. tastes sort of bockish in nature...one dimensional without a real flavor that sticks out. i can detect the munich malts, but it's thin. in fact the whole mouthfeel seems thin...not watery thin, but flavorless thin. a bit of earthy hoppiness can be found too. i'm sorry to say that jp iron range amber lager is nothing but a crossover beer and nothing more. i'd drink it if it was offered, but i won't be spending my $$$ on this again....good thing it was on sale."
"James page iron range: twelve ounce bottle. Amber color (duh). Very little head, no lace whatsoever. Sweet, unpleasant cidery taste, way too much cloying malts. Some hops help to clean up the finish. Carmel aftertaste, long after the last swallow. Not worth one’s while."
"Pours an orangish-gold with no head....mouthfeel is low on carbonation and oversweet for this style...smell is good...big time bockish malt on the nostrils...taste is average at best...too sweet, and an odd sweet flavor..there are some spicy hops on the finish, but they don't work well with the malt....not a good complement(the hops to the malt)...overall I wouldn't buy this one again, but would drink it if someone offered to me out of their fridge....."
"This clear amber beer throws out a hefty white head that is well retained.  Nice malty aroma tainted with some slight spicy hop notes.  Taste is a nice blend of hops and malt, but nothing above the norm.  Some vienna malt notes are noticeable. Some munich malt notes as well if I'm not mistaken.  Noble hops make their presence slightly throughout the beer.  This medium bodied beer is drinkable, but not one of my favorites.  Pretty average."
"Clear brown with odd grayish head. Light hops on the nose on thick malt backbone. Taste is good malt with hint of caramel. Floral hops play in the background. Good match with pretzels; brings out the malt."
"Never heard of this beer until a stewardess recommended I try one. Had 4 cans on a flight to Detroit from St. Louis.. Its caramelly, malt flavor produced quite a surprise.  Since this is a ""canned beer", I was shocked to see a a nice frothy foam when poured and a steady stream of bubbles.  This brew is perhaps the tastiest ""canned"" brew I have tried in many years."
"The most available Page product, usually available on Northwest Airlines.  Very malt dominated to my tastes but lacking in aroma.  Nice color and decent head.  Nice sweetness in mid sip but needs more hoppiness for me.  Decent, but the Burly Brown is better."
"Nice amber color with a full frothy head.  Mixed aroma that is pleasant with more malt than hops.  Flavor starts quite mild which contrasts a strong middle and finish.  Malt is strong in middle and end, but finish includes hop presence.  Beer closes with a long dry finish that is present especially in front, but noticeable in the back as well. Fairly high in carbonation.  Has a lager crispness."
"Not a bad beer at all really just nothing special. A decent Vienna style lager that I had with some Mexican food at a family gathering. I would buy it again though probably not regularly"
"Notes: Purchased and consumed on Northwest Airlines (Detroit to Boston). Not so bad for a canned beer on a plane."
