review_text
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"This poured out with a deep brownish red color. The head was fluffy at first but settles rather quickly and doesn't leave much behind in lacing or retention. The smell of the beer had a wine like quality to it and smells pretty tart on the nose. The taste follows the same basic path at the smell does. The mouthfeel is dry and tart, it's got some very light carbonation. Overall this Beer isn't too bad, I'd say it's worth checking out."
"Called ""Monks Cafe Flemish Sour Red Ale"" at La Trappe in SF. Came out of the gates strong but pulled up a little lame maybe halfway through. This is a novelty beer, with a strong sweet vinegar flavor and cherries, but it is a little too much by the time you get to the end of it. Maybe I just had too many sour beers that day."
"The taste is caramel malt as well as tart apples and grapes. The apple is dominant. Low-medium carbonation and a thin mouthfeel. A pretty nice sour beer that is a not as sour as some, but has a nice fruity flavor."
"A very good and solid original beer, refreshing in it's lack of hop character."
"Also called ""Monk's Café Flemish Sour Red Ale"" Pours hazy reddish brown into a tulip. Fine bubbly head with nice retention. Sour cherry and vinegar notes and flavor is just like the aroma. Thin with a bitter cherry finish. light to med body. A Nice sipper."
"D- A lovely classic Flanders Red that goes down super-smooth. Very thirst quenching and delicious."
"Reminded me of a less complex version of Rodenbach, similar to their ""Alexander"" which is no longer brewed. Interesting. Would love to taste an aged version."
"D - My wife, Greg (gory4d), and I split the 750ml bottle three ways and it was pretty easy to drink - I had no problems downing a couple glasses. This brew is probably past its prime, but was still pretty enjoyable."
"Poured a deep ruby red/brown color into a tulip glass with a thin, fluffy, off white head. The smells of balsamic sour woodiness, with hints of burnt cherry. Tastes of lightly toasted bread, oak, cherries, and suttle chocolate Mouthfeel starts sweet and tart and finishes dry. I was hoping to have a little more complex brew here, it was a little of a let down"
"I can't see colors so it get a good rating. This beer was really good. I brought it back from my Belgium trip. The Old Brown style was tougher to find than I thought. This one was a great example though. The sweetness that would be expected from a Brownish style of beer but heavily hit up with Brett sourness. I think that the sour was a good mix, slightly more powerful than the maltiness in this beer."
"Really enjoyed this ""Bio"" beer, they seem to be a bit of the trend right now in Belgium. Just like the ""Organic"" beer trend here in the States."
"Pours a dark brown. Foggy. Minimal creme head. Nose is biting. That sharp Brett infused kind of thing. Wood and cherry tones are there. Flavor is a biting vinegar. A little too much so IMO. I'd like a bit more wood and fruit tones. Still though, it works well enough for sour freaks like me. There is still a good enough balance to it. Feel is typical. Liquid is good and carbonation is a bit biting. You really have to appreciate the sours to be able to dig this one. If you're in that boat, you'll like it."
"Saw it on the menu of Bishops Arms, Stockholm, and just had to try it. Looks like exclusive rum; very clear darkish amber. Heavy, sweet smell of raisins and rum. Smooth taste with more of the same, you can really feel the years in this one. Although it's not as heavy as a glass of rum, you have to drink it slowly and savor every sip."
"Notes from 12/27/06"
"Pours a very murky dark brown in color with ruby highlights. Smell is extremely sour. Catches you off the bat. Very sour. Taste is very sour. Very highly carbonated, but still very sour. Some nice dark fruits, but the sourness takes over the beer and dominates. Very good beer. I would put this up against Rodenbach or the Ommegang Grand Cru that I just had a growler of. Well done."
"I would say without a doubt the long finish is the most striking aspect of this beer. I cannot pick up much resemblence between this and the monk's cafe product this brewery produces for a US customer."
"This certainly a decent example of the style, and it is fairly tasty tipple to boot, but it could use a bit more complexity. The acidity makes it a bit too one dimensional; some extra malt, and perhaps even some more funk would make this quite a bit more enjoyable."
"A fine belgian ale, but not exceptional."
"A flanders sour aroma, wine like, alcohol whiff. Nice redish sight. Ok in taste, understated cherry and not overly sour. Wood, vanilla. Moderate carbonation. Medium to thin mouthfeel, but refreshing easy drink. Underated, worth a try, and I would have again."
"Pours a dark brown color with a reddish tint, almost like a wine. Smell is pungent and involves plums, raisins and other dark fruits. The taste is quite unique. Much like the plums and raisins mentioned before, but there is a hint of the more tasty wine in there. It leaves an aftertaste that is really enjoyable, of a sweetness like plums. This is a great beer that is unique, any one who is looking to try something new will enjoy."
"Bottle: Poured a brownish red color beer with a medium off-white foamy head with some pretty good retention. Aroma is quite sour and you can already feel the effect of the oak on this beer. Taste is quite acid with some subtle sweetness at the end. Cheery feels is less present then in the Rodenbach Grand Cru but can still be detected. Overall, I find this one to be a good Flemish sour ale and would even say that it seems to be underrated compared to some other Flemish Sour ale."
"murky red brown, not a terribly big head. proper soggy wood and sour cherry notes in the aroma. taste brings that wonderful acidic touch along with a fruity sweetness and a soft (but strong) sourness. smooth and tasty, thoroughly drinkable, glad am I that two bottles turned up instead of one. Dee-lish."
"Very sour tart nose and palate, with hints of cherry (the skins) in both. Sweetish cherry start, with a sweet and sour finish, a bit vinegary, very refreshing full-flavoured flanders red, very cheap in belgium to, one of the best of its style (that i've had so far!!!!)"
