review_text
""
""
""
""
"(NOTE: Though the page here says 7% ABV, my bottle marketed for northern Europe is clearly marked 6.5%.)"
""
""
""
""
""
"Overall / Drinkability: Nice looking beer, but with my first few sips I wasn't sure. However, as I drank more of it, it grew on me and I ended up having another glass. While I ended up sipping on it over the dinner, I found by the end of the first glass I could have easily downed it and definitely wanted another glass to savor a bit more. So drinkable in regards to the fact that you want to enjoy it, slowly, over a longer period than a 25 cl glass can provide."
""
""
"Tasting the beer is not surprising at all: more roasted malts, sweetness upfront and some bitterness in the rather long aftertaste. The syruppy mouthfeel and roasted taste make me think of a stout, certainly considering the very low level of carbonation."
""
""
"Dr: Hides its relatively high ABV well, but is lacking in quality and even drinkability on account of the unwarranted coarseness. The price isn't bad in Holland, but it's still a beer I wouldn't havve again. It's very generic, but I wouldn't call it bad. Maybe fans of the style would appreciate it."
"I enjoyed this beer quite a bit, but one can easily find beers of this style with quite a bit more substance. There's certainly nothing wrong with it, but I don't think I'd seek it out. There are better ales of this style that are more plentiful in this neck of the woods."
"A very nice and drinkable beer!"
"The flavor is an improvement--no plastic here. There are notes of sweet orange with a light bitterness. The body is spot on. A nice Belgian Brown."
"Drinkability: A step up from it's blonde brother, but that's not saying too terribly much. Some might say you can't even begin to spell bruin without ""ruin""."
"D - Moderate to low drinkability - highly filling with all the carbonation. ABV is OK, but a hair difficult. Lastly, the flavors just do get a bit old."
"Kinda thin feeling and pretty fruity in the mouth. Surprisingly malty and bready. Taste is not as complex as the smell and I wish the yeast gave the brew a bit more character. Overall I was a bit disappointed with this one, but then again, I was expecting a tripel."
"Smell of dark fruits, raisins, cherries, chocolate and some wet earth. Rough earthy flavour, taste of fruits, specially cherries, with caramel notes and spices. Interesting, but there's something that it lacks that I can really define. Have to try another one."
"Poured with a big, big frothy, foamy tan head. Didn't decant and it had lots of yeastoids. Color is a dark hazy brown. Aroma was light, malty, yeasty, and a bit fruity. Flavor was similar but with lots of caramel and toffee. Champagnesque carbonation. Yeasty, taffy, bittersweet finish. Not bad. Could easily drink more."
"Not the most drinkable beer. I was a little disappointed with this, hoping for maybe a bit more balanced flavor."
"D: This is a nice and interesting beer. The colour is fantastic and tartness of the fruit really makes it an enjoyable beer to sip. The alcohol is well hidden and provides for the slightest of warming sensations as the beer slides down your throat. I would buy this beer again - I would also like to try their blonde."
"An interesting beer."
"Drinkability : une bière d'abbaye correcte dans le style Belgian dubbel"
"Opaque brown with a big head this beer smells a bit like a dunkel. The taste is moderate with a semi sweet mid changing to a drier finish. A nice brown that is easy drinking but really very complex. I like it but it is not beer to stick in the memory."
"D: Approachable, but not engaging."
"This was a nice overall Belgian Brune, with more Dubbel characterisics than Oud Bruin."
"Lot of lace, with a big soapy head on cloudy brown. Served in the matching glass by the brewery, at Smokeless Joe's. A sharp aroma, something in the sour Flemish that stings the nose bit it's not very high ABV. chocolate malts, it's malty with a carmel and citrus Coco-Cola aftertaste, but with added spice, and then..a flemish sour finish. Or, like a Belgian yeasty dunkel."
"This is a nice, but not exceptional, example of the style. I'd take another glass of it if offered, but might not buy it again. Still, I can recommend this."
"Explodes out of bottle, took 5 minutes to pour, fades slowly to a thin layer leaving some lace. Murky amber color, ton of yeast in bottom of bottle. Strong carbonation and medium-heavy bodied. Raisin nose. Flavor is sweet and sour raisins, smooth easy to drink, this small bottle is not enough. $3.19 for a 330ml bottle from John's Market Place Tigard, Or."
"Even though I enjoyed this beer, I think an older one would be a whole lot better."
"The aroma holds sweet candy sugar and fruit notes with a rich sweet maltiness and mild dirt/dust notes. The body is a cloudy and ruddy brown and holds a massive three finger thick tan head that is both bubbly and diminishing. Low intensity flavor on the initial sip. There are some muted apple notes and mild fruit peel tinged sweetness. It feels spent like it once had flavor and couldn’t hold onto it. The carbonation is tongue tingling, but not out of control and the lacing is non existent with foam left from sips quickly sliding down the inside of the glass. Ho-hum."
"Mouthfeel is a touch on the lighter side with explosive carbonation that rushes all over the palate with each sip. Overall drinkability is pretty good...I would mind putting back another and the abv is low enough to where that wouldn't be a problem. Bought this on a whim awhile back in Kentucky and I'm glad I did...hopefully I'll run across this one or the gold cap again sometime."
"Didn't have the pouring issues with this one that I've seen in other reviews. This was the other half of a free four pack of the pilar biters. Cloudy light brown with thick tan head. Great retention and lacing. Acidic caramel aroma that comes back in the flavor. Sweet sour mix was nice, though I would've liked it to swing one way or the other a bit more. Nice caramel apple feeling afterwards, so I think that I'll save the other bottle for later in the fall. Tart and hearty, it came off as medium bodied and finished clean. Drinkability was up there a bit."
"A really uneven beer. Looks great but the smell and taste are forgettable. Bavik know how to make decent beer (see the Petrus line for some good examples). They should drop this redundant brand IMHO."
"The body is full, the carbonation is out of control and the flavor is sour (tart) overall. An interesting Belgian that's worth tasting."
"This brew spewed beer all over my counter when I opened it. Pours a light brown color with foam all over the place and decent retention and lacing. The aroma is backed by a caramel character with some acidic sourness along with some sour apples. The flavor follows suit very well. Quite tart at first, but also complex once my palate gets used to the sourness. There's a strong backing of toasted malts in this one as well. The body is ok, but it seems to be way overcarbonated and the drinkability is pretty good."
"Aaaarg! Beer all over the countertop! ...anytime you open a bottle and the beer errupts from the bottle in a wall of foam, and you waste 3/4 of your beer to over gushing, it doesn't leave a good impression. Ok, now that things have settled down, The beer smells quite wonderful. Solid belgian matured malts, spicy, and sweet; only with a woodsy, musky aroma that sets it apart. Looks ... well flat now. But it has a nice murky brown / rust color with a fine lacing. Tastes sweet with malts and fruitiness, but rounded by spiciness, bold and robust woody, nutty characters. Fruits remind me of over-ripe peaches, pears, kiwis, and dates. The beer is smooth, but flat on the palate. It weakens into the finish. Finishes sweet, spicy, and lightly sugary. A good beer, but I'd like to try one without the volcano impression."
"Pilaarbijter looks like it translates to 'pillar biter'. That can't be right, I thought, until I spotted the obviously anguished character munching on a pillar right there on the label. Those wacky Belgians. This is an okay version a Flanders Oud Bruin (and not an entirely accurate one in the end), but that's where it begins and ends. Here's hoping the brass-capped version is more to my liking. And less explosive."
"I enjoyed this beer although it takes some getting used to."
"Drinkaibilty- Wow, I dig both beers from this brewery. This one is very refeshing. You can't even notice the abv as well. It's over 80 degrees outside and this one hit the spot. Very drinkable brew even though it really doesn't fall into an Oud Bruin or Tripel category. Not sweet enough or strong enough for a tripel and doesn't have that tart puckering kick for an oud bruin. Still a very good brew."
"Conclusion: A fair beer in a style that's not my favourite."
"Drinkability – This wasn’t all that bad. It completely missed the essence of the style though and felt clumsy on the palate."
"11.2 ounce bottle. Dark with a red cap. Purchased at Green's in Atlanta for $3.50. I doubt this is an Oud Bruin, more of a one off style closer to a Belgian Dark or a Dubbel. Nothing bad at all, but nothing I would seek out again."
"Mouthfeel was crisp at the start and finish. Sour cherries softly lingers into aftertaste. Medium / heavy in body. Decent drinkability since flavors are mellower than expected."
"Drinkability: Very drinkable and it paired well with pizza at Lucky Baldwin's."
"Nicely layered. Front is dark malts (caramel and chocolate) with nuts. Towards the end the fruit notes come out, espeically cherries and grapes."
"Not the most complex beer (not surprising given it's origins from Bavik, but its an admirable effort."
"I opened this puppy on my balcony 16 hours after purchase. Boy was I glad I was outside- I lost almost 1/3 of the bottle to overblown root-beer like foam that just kept going and going and going. It would have been an incredible mess in the house. What was left poured a medium brown, translucent (root beer is not a bad description of the color) that (obviously) had a monstrous off-white head. Aroma is soft and bready with moderate sweetness, and a very slight hop note. Flavor is of honey and sweetbreads with that same slight hop bite at the end. A nice brew- not great, but very drinkable. I tried this and the Pilaarbijter Blond in sequence, and this is the better of the two."
"From an 11.2 oz bottle, it's reddish brown with a fairly active head that leaves a lot of little bubbles even after the head dies down a bit. As with the blond version, both the smell and taste are decidedly subdued. This is a decent brew that's quite drinkable, with nothing off-putting in the smell or taste. Too many great Belgians are out there to go looking for this one again."
"Overall: Definitely (!!) a big disappointment if you are expecting a full blown Abbey Tripel. LOL. This is most certainly “mis-labeled”, someone at Bavik screwed up big time. Much more of a Bruin with Flemish influences here and there. For the same price as the Blond, $2.99 for the 33cl bottle (Hi-Times, Costa Mesa), I think I would opt to pick up the Blond in preference to the Bruin, and stick with the Duchesse when I need a Flemish Brune. Still this is well worth a try if you are looking for an entry level Bruin!"
"Drinkable? Not really. Not something I will buy again."
"A decent enough flavor, and with a nice mouthfeel. But not much depth at all, and not at all what I would expect for the style. Pretty boring."
"Overall Impression: The mouth of the bottle and the cap were rimmed with dried sediment. Bottle must have been stored upside down for a long time. An OK beer. A bit different than the usual bruine, but not spectacular."
"The beer pours a slightly hazy mahogany color with a smallish off white head that is frothy in texture; the lace is adequate to cover the glass. Nose has a sweet and sour aroma, hint of yeast, crisp and clean to the senses, start is tart and the top thin in its feel. Finish is acerbic, fair hop profile, sour and very dry aftertaste, can’t really say it was bad, but really not a good representative to the style in my humble opinion."
