review_text
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Dark brown in color and a bit murky with hues of orange. Poured with an off-white foam that quickly dissipated. Sweet, dark roasted malt aroma with hints of over-ripe, almost sour, dark fruit. Medium bodied with lazy carbonation. Flavors are similar to aromas. Roasted and toasted malt flavors along with over ripe fruit. Finished cleanly. Very east to drink, but very forgettable aromas and flavors."
"O - This was an okay dunkelweizen. Needs some work."
"This beer pours a cloudy brown color. The head is two inches in height, and recedes very quickly for a weizen. The head retention is very disappointing. This is an extremely weak looking dunkelweizen. The aroma is of cloves, banana bread, and eraser. It has all the classic qualities of a dunkelweizen, but they just don't blend well together. This is a very awkward smelling beer. The good news is the it doesn't taste as awkward as it smells. The bad news is that it doesn't taste of much at all. There is some faint toffee and banana qualities, b have to concentrate hard to find them. The mouthfeel is medium bodied with very low carbonation which isn't desirable in a dunkelweizen. Overall, this is a bad beer. Dunkelweizen is my favorite beer style, and the brewer has to work hard to mess one up enough for me not to like it. This was brewed by a hard working brewer."
"Drinkability is good. Nothing too detracting in any of the aspects of this beer. Decent for a cool, spring night."
"D: Good session beer."
"Taste was cider, some citrus and fruit. Kind of a strange one..."
"D: I'm torn over this one. The appearance and mouthfeel were way off, but the aroma and flavor were great. Crank up the fizz and get in some head retention and you'd have a nice beer. Unfortunately, this beer is only half right."
"In summary this was a boring beer to me. Seems like the brewer just phoned this one in. Not something I can really recommend."
"4/4/4/4/4"
"D - Pretty good. There are much better dark wheat beers out there though. I've never really been impressed with Aktienbraurei...the Oktoberfest sucks, and that's a hard one to screw up. This is just mediocre. I like the vanilla wafer and banana pudding notes, so I'm having a hard time hating this beer."
"The aroma is heavy with brown sugar and caramel. There is also some dark fruit, raisins, yeast, and bread. The appearance is amber brown with yeast chunks and a small head. The flavor is like the aroma and somewhat bitter and acidic. The palate is thin and poorly carbonated. I like the beer but it just seems sub-par in to many areas to be a great beer."
"Hazy,murky brown beer, with a lovelly large creamy white head. Very fresh, aromas, spicy, medicinal partially,,red berries, some clove. Flavor much the same as the aroma, but with a touch of wheatyness. I liked the palate on this bottle conditioned lager..bubbly,yet still smooth and easily passes over the tongue. Unlike others ..i liked this beer..very subtle but tasty if you give it a chance."
"D: Fairly good, likely to due the carbonation. Its different."
"D'ability - Not an unpleasant drinking beer, but I could probably name a dozen german wheat beers that are better without much effort."
"Poured from a 1pt 0.9oz bottle, this beer was lighter in color than expected. This was too light to be considered a dunkelweizen, and in fact resembled its brother St Blasius (weizenbock, apparently Helles version). The aroma is a little buttery, maybe a hint of lactose sourness, not too much of the clove/banana I expected and wanted. Same with the taste, this leaves an impression of slightly sour milk. Maybe the bottle is aged improperly, in which case this review is unfair. But really it shouldn't be sold to the public (me) if this is not the intended outcome. I drank it not long after purchase after all. Bottom line: worst dunkelweizen in this reviewer's experience."
"Light/medium bodied and smooth. Definitely drinkable but you have to like sour bacteria flavored beers."
"In sum, this is a fairly good beer, but one I'm hard pressed to characterize as a dunkelweizen, and one that would seem to be terrific had it more hops and more prominent taste. For future samplers, don't expect a familiar weizen. This one is on the whole decent, but strange."
"When the beer was poured from the pint bottle to my pint glass, it had a dark gold/amber color with a small head. The aroma was very complex. I picked up an apple aroma with a spicy undertone. There was a sweet malt presence as well and an alcohol lace. The flavor was a tad sour, probably a product of the yeast. The beer finished well. It initially is dry, but the hops peek through and the darker gains linger for a toffee flavor to boot. The mouthfeel was a medium body, well-carbonated effect. All together, the beer was a good experience."
"Aroma is fruity sweet with lots of malt and some mild bannna and nut notes. Copper orange in color with an amazingly fast receding head. Starts with two fingers of tan head and goes to none in seconds. Nutty roasted notes in the fore with a bit of sweet fruitcake and smooth sweet malt. Low carbonation levels and virtually no hop bitterness."
"Drinkability is decent, but $2.99 is just too much to pay for a beer of this rather modest quality. Certainly doesn't measure up to this brewery's fin Doppelbock."
"Weizens aren't usually my thing, but I be this pretty good over in Germany, not bad here. Worth a try to weizen buffs"
"Paid 2.59 at hollingshead. Way too spritzy for a hefe. Head comes up fast and high, then fizzles out quickly. Tasted a bit like a steam lager. Weak for a dunkel weizen. Aktien brauerei is usually far better than this, but i've been dissapointed with their brews lately."
"Definitely not what I expected, although (by the label) it's hard to tell if this one is past it's prime or not. I would hazard to guess it's infected if it's indeed supposed to be a dunkel-weizen. Chalk this one up as an interesting experiment. I won't rate this one to style (which gives it much higher marks that it deserves, as it's an absolutely horrible dunkel)."
"Saw this today in a local health food store. After beginning my night with a Schneiderweisse, I (unfortnunately) followed with this. Head immediately disappated, not a good sign for a wheat beer. Taste was initially quite thin, as was the mouthfeel. Very carbonated. The taste isn't bad, but is also not good. I agree with another reviewer, who classified this one as a ""soda beer"". No reason to try it, boys. I'm so glad I have an Aventinus to bring me back to my standards!"
"Man, after admiring this dunkelweizen's appearance I had high hopes for this brew. Alas, like so many things, looks can be deceiving. It had all the characteristics of a flat Coca-Cola on ice. If you want a fairly pretty beer with little else going for it, pick up a Steingadener dunkelweisse. If you're looking for a flavorful dunkelweizen, look past it."
"I suppose this would be refreshing on a hot day but there's really nothing here that would make me want to have another."
"This is a delicious beer that is pretty drinkable and a nice introduction to the style. I can't wait to try some more."
"Overall: The closest think I have ever drunk to a “Beer Soda”, which in England, we would call a ‘Shandy’. It is not on my restocking list. Nice though."
