review_text
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Flavor was similar to the aroma. Nice but not outstanding. Fruit, malt, alcohol. Tasted a bit strong for the ABV."
""
""
""
"Drinkability: I've found this a nicely drinkable beer and am happy to have a second. Each sip follows the other naturally and the flavors are never so strong they overwhelm. Rather ""subtlety"" is a key word to describe this beer. I'll definitely enjoy having this beer again and I think it is a very nice example of an undervalued style. This beer also illustrates for me yet again how valuable it can be to have two or three bottles before reviewing. This is definitely a beer that grows on one and I did not fully appreciate its subtle complexity until about the 2nd or 3rd bottle."
"Drought from High Point. Pours deep mahogany with a medium tanned head and lovely carbonation. Great aroma of yeast, banana, chocolate and cloves. Medium, smooth body. Flavor of banana, cloves and chocolate. Medium, fruity-coffee finish. Very tasty brew."
"This beer pours a very dark brown to light black with a massive head. It has an interesting aroma, dark, roasted grain, slightly smokey, a hint of coffee and a touch of yeast. The flavor is overwhelmingly tangy, almost sour with the dark roasted flavors left in the background to come through on the aftertaste. After reading other reviews, I wonder whether I got an off bottle, no one else had the massive sourness."
"D: Not a bad tasting brew, I assume freshness and carbonation may have brought my ratings down. Have to try a new bottle soon."
"A fairly drinkable dunkel but the ashiness is a bit annoying after awhile."
"I agree that this is a very underrated beer from High Point. I found it to be quite delicious and sessionable."
"This beer was outstanding with my grilled cheese sandwich; I wish I had picked up two at the liquor store. This brewery does alright with wheat beers. Impressive."
"Into a weizen glass, it poured a chestnut brown, with less than a finger of off-white, modest retention, and good lacing. The aroma consisted of chocolate, coffee, banana, and clove; truly unique. The best way to describe the taste is perfectly balanced between the aforementioned flavors, with a nice semi-dry, balanced finish, and some malty aftertaste. Despite the appearance, this is a thin- to medium-bodied beer, with some modest carbonation. VERY drinkable, and quite possibly the most underrated beer that this brewery makes."
"Poured from a brown 12 oz. bottle. Has a very dark brown color with a 1/2 inch head. Smell is strong, lots of fruits, spices, bananas, one of the better smelling beers I can remember. Taste is mild compared to the smell, but good, again banana, spices, a bit sweet. Feels medium bodied in the mouth and has good drinkability. Overall this is a fine quality beer."
"Pours a mostly transparent amber brown color with a small screen of an off white head. very little soapy sticking on the glass. Roasty wheat, some expected sweet banana and clove in the nose. A bright but welcome hop character hits the tongue, a caramelized sugar like malt/wheat sweetness takes over and rounds out the sip, a long yeasty aftertaste. Very easy to drink and pretty damn true to style."
"I expected a little more out of this one, but overall it is a decent beer."
"A: A good two inches of head on a hard pour, the color of a light molasses , minimal amounts of lacing- 3.75, S: Tons of toasted malts, some caramel and faint chocolate hazelnut, strong clove aroma - 4.25, T: The hop bite is quite noticeable and imparts an earthy and herbal flavor, quite a bit of lemon and citrus, some caramelized sugars and a slight toffee - 3.50, M: Thin mouth feel - 2.75, D: All is all a decent beer, the mouth feel does leave a little to be desired and seems to detract from the overall experience, I would drink the beer again - 3.00"
"Poured into Flying Fish pint glassAppearance is a dark brown colour with a fast dissipating off-white head and little lacing. Smell is boozy with hints of banana split. A somewhat dry taste of dark coffee and bananas, borderlining on that of a stout. Mouthfeel is medium bodied, and though it is a drinkable beer in sessions, I find this to be the poor man's Aventinus"
"Pretty easy to drink but the flavor makes you ask why? Not exactly bad but again when you have ""High Point Wheat Beer Co."" on the label my expectations go up and once again I am disappointed. I hope the highly rated Winter Wheat fares better"
"D: So So. This one stared off great. Was sort of downhill from there."
"Dark brown beer with a rapidly fading head.Aroma is banana,cloves and malts.Taste is toasted malts and cloves.Overall a decent beer with a nice faded smoky aftertaste.I would recommend to try at least once and I think think this is something I would purchase again!!"
"I found this at BierKraft in NYC, sold as singles. Poured into an Andechs weisse glass, I'm surprised at the dark color. I thought this would be a hefeweizen but BA lists it as a dunkel weizen. The beer smells kind of lactosy, definitely a wheat beer but not as much phenol as I'd prefer. Same with the taste, I don't get much banana or clove. Maybe this is an old bottle, hard to say as this is the first time I've tried the beer. Just not pleasant. I drank the whole thing but didn't really enjoy it."
"It was not at all what I was expecting. Doesn't taste anything like a Weizen."
"D - Drinkability is just above average. Most everything about this beer is about average. I could have more of these but really don't have a desire to. It goes down easy but that is just because of an uneventful smell and flavor. Overall, not bad. Not really that good either."
"I had no other choice, but to pour it into a Weizen glass. What came out of the bottle was a mahagony brown colored beer that had some black cherry highlights. It had a beautiful massive beige colored head of foam. Not only was it beautiful, but it had excellent retention that left behind a small beige film and streak after streak of beige lace. It had a light dark aroma of toasted malts, a few cloves, a quick splash of lemon, subtle sweet caramel, bread, and then it ended with a touch of ripe banana. The taste started off mild with toasted malts and a hint of caramel, but then after that it went sour and tart with lemon, grapefruit, and citrus hops. Of course the mouthfeel was light, but this Dunkelweizen has an a lightly sour aftertaste of grapefruit and lemons. In the end, it's clearly not a great Dunkelweizen, but it is a nice little take on a German stlye from a great NJ brwery."
"D_Very interesting beer. Not on par with the Germans but a very good shot from an American brewery and one that ends up being unique at that."
"Pours a very dark burgundy-cola color with a tan head. Nice dunkel wheat. Very dark color. Sweet raisins, syrup, and dried fruit on nose. Some alcohol on nose as well. Flavor is very rich and full of fresh plums, sweet raisins, and bread. Drinks more like a strong Belgian or wheat bock. Starts out very sweet from the syrupy sweet raisin and dried fruit hints and finishes with some dry burgundy notes. Theres a slight woody character to the wine like palate as well. Good drinkability, very smooth palate, with some alcohol detection. A solid good beer."
"This is a pretty cool, old-school wheat beer and not your average dunkel. It's very aromatic and has any earthy feel that backed my spiced cocoa and roasted grains, almost like a brown ale or porter. The mouthfeel is a nice, mellow balance of sweet malts, which makes for a very drinkable beer that's also out of the norm. The only similar beer I can think of is the Michigan Brewing Bavarian Dark for the same dark earthy tone."
"Really wasn't too impressed... Although a decent beer, for a company that claims to specialize in wheat beers, they could've done alot better with this one... This tastes, looks, and smells more like a stout than a wheat beer, and after spending $7.75 on a six-pack, I was kind of dissapointed by the overall lack of complexity and bland flavor that predominated this brew. I'm pissed I wasted almost eight bucks on a brew that I basically had to force down rather than enjoy... No real wheat flavor in here, but more traces of cocoa and bittersweet chocolate..."
"Drinkability is good. This is a nice easy drinking dunkel. Session worthy as well."
"Pours a nice clean/clear dark brown color, nice carbonation, tiny fizzy head which does not last long, not sticky lacing at all. The nose is malty, yeasty, some bananna, clove, and caramel. The taste is malty, slighty yeasty, touch of bananna/clove, lots of caramel. Medium body. Drinkable, a nice brew for a hot day."
"Cheers!"
"Overall, I felt this was pretty average for the style. Certainly a good drink, but nothing spectacular. Poured a moderately cloudy dark red colour with a 1/2 inch layer of sand coloured foam that faded away in about 25 seconds, leaving a ring of frost about its edges. Smell was very nice consisting of roasted wheat kernels and chewy caramel candy. Quite nice. Taste was average having the proper flavour profiles for the style, but finishing up with a surprising bitterness. It wasn't offensive at all. In fact, it was very mild. It's just that I wasn't expecting *any* bitterness from a brew of this sort. So far, I like Ramstein's Winter Wheat the best. This is, however, decent at least."
"Deep chestnut colour topped by a short, light brown head. Fizzy bubbles that dissipate quickly and leave a bit of lace behind. Malty aroma composed of toasty, lightly chocolate grains and a mild yeasty bite. Sweet, malty flavour that you get out of some better German beers. Mild breadiness with a light fruit character as well. It finishes with a dry cocoa flavour. Medium bodied with carbonation a little on the low side. Not bad, nothing spectacular though. I enjoyed it, but it didn't make a huge impression on me."
"Overall a nice American rendition of the dunkel weizen."
"Not bad, but could use more yeast to give it more body. It also could use more depth and character and fit the style better. Worth trying anyway. They should also write """dunkel"" or ""dark"" on the label, for clarification, IMO."
"I expected a little more than I got from this bottle of Ramstein Classic. Any brewery that specializes in weizens ought to nail a dunkel with their eyes closed. High Point needs to keep them both wide open though because they damn near missed the target entirely. This is still worthwhile beer, but the brewery's claim that it's 'the highest rated dark wheat beer in the world' borders on delusional."
"A vigourous pour into a Weizen glass produces a relatively short (for a wheat) head, very tan. The liquid is dark brown and translucent. Smelling brings forth only a light dark roast, and perhaps some vanilla. The taste, the best part, is very roasty, and almost like a stout. It has a slight wheat ""twang"" as I like to call it, but much less than expected. The mouthfeel is not as thick as I would like, too little for a dunkel. Still, it's enjoyable, but perhaps this beer has been miscategorized, because it's missing a lot of traditional dunkel weizen characteristics."
"CRUX: NICE DUNKEL FROM NEW JERSEY. Ah, for once I got lucky on a blind purchase at the beer store. I'll get it again, for sure!"
"I can't wait to try other beers from the HPW beer company."
" Even though it's 5.5% ABV, this is a great change for a summer brew...for those who want a bit more kick and flavor in their session beers. I really wish that High Point's offerings were more easily found, as I live 15-20 miles from their brewery and I have a very hard time finding any of their selection around here. They have a great yeast strain from Germany in their beers, and all of the one I've tried were full-bodied, well crafted, and above average in their respective styles. This one is no exception - a wonderful choice for a wide range of beer enthusiasts!"
"Mouthfeel/Drinkability- Great, foamy effervescence in the mouth, although it's a lightweight compared to many others. Easy and smooth, it drinks effortlessly and doesn't fill me up. A good beer for a hot day, when a more full flavored, lighter bodied beer is fancied."
"Mouthfeel is watery, thin, cocoa powder and cloves and sticking to the front of the tongue until finally dying out."
"I haven't had this beer in awhile and I am sorry that I waited so long. I forgot how goo it is. Served on-tap, the appearance was a nice brownish-red with some clarity and an amber hue. The smell was full of aromas, including lemon, chocolate and caramel flavors which were more pronouced than I had expected. The taste was just out of this world. Well balanced, it exuded a confident yet not overpowering ""dark"" feel and taste while not forgeting that it is, afterall, a weizen. A solid mouthfeel, I could have had many of these had time permitted."
"It's a light to medium bodied brew, and talk about a session... this one's a winner"
"Overall: I thought maybe I had an undercarbonated bottle, but it looks like a lot of the other reviews mention tiny/no head and not much carbonation. I'll pass on this one next time."
"Poured into my Weisse glass a clear yet deep brown chestnut color; head was pretty weak, only leaving minimal lacing. There's not a lot of carbonation in this, in either the appearance or on the palate. Could use a bit more...kinda flat. Toasty caramel and clove spiciness in the nose. Flavor leaves a bit to be desired considering the aroma is fairly complex. Hazelnut and clove are detectable along with some earthy bread and yeast. More flavor in the finish and aftertaste than anywhere else. Too thin and lacking carbonation. Other than that, it's not too bad."
"It starts by getting you to believe it’s a garden of earthly delights, and if it falls short of Eden, it’s not by too much. The aroma is busy but so enticing, and the flavor is pared down in comparison but very pleasurable. It seems to weight a bit heavy while drinking, so this places a small limitation on how many one might have, but it’s so smooth and tasty, and the wheat downright satisfies. It’s not often that I wouldn’t be in the mood for one or two of these."
"The creamy off-white head is surprisingly challenged for a weizen (even a filtered dunkel), and it drops readily to a thin collar. The nose, however, is quite enticing with an alluring note of toasty and lightly roasted chocolate. It's medium-light bodied and quite smooth across the palate; which is more appropriate for a dunkel weizen than a traditional Bavarian hefe--weizen hell. The flavor is rich and rewarding without being overly-done; lending to its drinkability. It's got a light touch of yeasty bubblegum, some appleish fruit, mellow caramel, a bit of nuttiness, and some more of the toasty and slightly roasty chocolate found in the nose. Spicy hops accent it, and a firm bitterness balances it superbly. It finishes dry with some residual phenolic ""bubblegum"" that fades to a dull, lingering, almost coffee-like roastiness. It's somewhat complex, and certainly satiating, but at the same time far from overdone and immensely drinkable! This is very similar to some of the dunkel weizens that I've had from the Franconia region. Superb!"
"Overall this is a nice beer. Very tasty and easy drinking. If the carbonation issue was remedied here this could/should be a world calss brew."
"Overall- yet, another hum-drum beer that will be all to easy to forget. Not horrible but not worth another purchase."
"Drinkability and Notes – Decent local wheat beer, but not in the same class with the Europeans versions. I bought this bottle a while ago, its possible I should have drank it sooner, but I did take good care of this one."
"12 ounce bottle. This beer pours the same color as cola. Not very much head. The aroma is of wheat, banana, nuts, and a little chocolate. Roasted malt flavor, wheat body, and clean finish. A little sour flavor gives this beer some tang. The mouthfeel is creamy. Great drinkability. This is a pretty good dunkel, just not quite as complex or full flavored as their Blonde wheat or Winter Wheat."
"Sampled a pint at Barcade in Brooklyn NY, Great style, great brewery, well worth some beer research, this one does not disapoint. Pours cloudy, reddish amber, nose of the expected wheat, some chocolate and yeast. Tan head arising. Notes of dark grains, dark coffee and more light chocolate, tasty and fine offering."
"Mid brown with surprisingly little head this beer hides a wealth of big flavours. Fruit, malt, and cloves are a few of the great esters that float around this pronounced beer. I really love this style and Ramstein seem to understand the flavours needed compete with Old World examples. The finish was slightly sweet but not cloying. This is a beer worth having."
"I tried this beer on tap at the Drafting Room in Exton, PA. I started out just wanting to taste it but it brough me back the next day. In a pint glass it had a slight 1/4 inch head that dissapated quickly but a thin ring outer ring of foam lasted almost to the bottom of pint glass. It left a very distinguished lacing on the glass. The mouthfeel was very nice did not appear over carbonated like some beers. Being new to the world of good beers this was my first dunkel weizen but definitley not my last. I enjoyed this offering very much and that was after drinking Chimay Grande Réserve the previous two nights."
"A sweet candy like taste and pleasant fizzyness in the mouthfeel. My first of this style and am quite suprised by how different this is than a regular hefe weizen. A little more malty, not quite as refreshing but very light and drinkable. Has a bit of tartness in the mouthfeel but you feel like these go down very easily."
"I bet it would be better if fresher, I will try again when I get the chance to be fair."
"I sampled one more huge hefe glass worth that night and yet another a few nights later to confirm my initial impression."
"Served in a Weiss glass at Which Brew Pub in Easton, PA along with my fellow BA and best buddy in life Sulldaddy last week, it pours a dark chestnut color with 2 inchest of full ""heavy"" head that clings like a bastard and hangs on for quite a while; very cloudy w/ some yeast sediment floating if i wasn't mistaken. Taking a whiff, I smell mostly wheat strains and some sweet caramels maybe; grainy malts like cereal as well. Taking the first sip, mild caramel flavors accompany some fruit flavors on your palete along with some brown maltiness. Bitter coffee flavors and lots of wheat is mostly the flavor however along with some roasted malt tones. Light body and refreshing to the last sip; mild carbonation on the front, but enjoyable and smooth. Very easy to drink; went like water (but a MUCH better taste :) )."
"First sip reveals a lite bodied brew with mild soft rolling carbonation. Flavor is wheat bread with some cherry and a bit of lemon. OVerall very mild. This beer is very smooth and drinkable and would be enjoyable on a warm day. I wish the yeast flavors were a little more pronounced and complex."
"Lightly sweet, doughy, chocolate malt aroma. Beer poured with no head. Hazy, almost murky brown colored beer with a caramel hue. Nice yeasty cocoa flavor with some roasted malt and a little nuttiness. Body is fairly thick, but lack of carbonation kills the mouthfeel. Smells good and tastes great, but something must have gone wrong with the bottle conditioning because there was a complete lack of carbonation. I think I'll go grab a few more just to make sure."
"Poured in an imperial pint glass, forms a 1/4"" beige head, which laces okay. A translucent deeply reddish brown hued brew, with a pleasant dark wheat aroma. Taste is wheaty, with nutty, roasted undertones. Mouthfeel seems a bit thin, but this enhances the drinkability in my book. A good introduction for me to Ramstein."
"Pours a very deep copper color with no head whatsoever.Very faint aroma-wheat and yeast but again faint at best.Nice malty flavor-very crisp with a touch of caramel sweetness.Very good body-full on the palate.An extremely quaffable brew-not being a wheat beer fan I was impressed.This one leans more towards the German wheats the a US version.Quite good-well worth a six pack to try."
"Thanks to partyhatjo for the beer."
"This beer goes down easier than I could imagine. Two seems to be my minimum."
"Has the caustic first bite associated with a wheat, but this has more of a malt characteristic than most wheats due to the caramel malts used in brewing. A good brew."
"Comments – Big thanks to Davo for sending this Dunkel Weizen out my way."
"The mouthfeel was smooth, and the carbonation was very light. The wheat and caramel flavor lasted well into the aftertaste. The bottle was 1/2 month past the ""best by"" date on the bottle, but it was still very tasty even though it looked bland."
"The beer pours a hazy brown color with a lacey white head. The aroma is faint, but there is a smell of wheat malts and fruity yeast. The taste is decent. It has a dark wheat flavor with a bit of malty character. The mouthfeel is good. It is a medium bodied beer with adequate carbonation . This beer drinks well, but is lacking in the aroma and taste departments. This is still better than most wheat beers, but not as good as their other offerings."
"Poured a cloudy mahogony with little shades of red, much like a nice stained piece of wood. Styrafoamlike head that turned into a ring around the edge. Smell was wheat, cherry and other sweet berries. Taste was sweet with nice yeasty malty body, not too much in the way of hops. Finish was dry and fruity. Good carbonation. Overall a good tasty beer."
"While no longer exclusively a wheat beer brewery, High Point certainly knows how to do them well."
"Overall a good beer that I would like to have more of. Thanks again to RonfromJersey and BIF!"
"When I first tried it, I thought, ""Eh - OK."" Now I want another. This beer grows on you."
"Since it's a wheat beer, I expected it to be a little lighter, but it poured a very dark amber. Definitely a wheat smell, but the taste is domnated by a smoked flavor. I had eyed Ramstein plenty of times in the store thinking nothing of it, but I was very pleasantly surprised by the Classic. Not sure how much it costs since I bought it in a mix-a-six, but it's something I'll get again."
"A very nice style dunkel weiss. It has a lot of body compared to a few others I have had, and that was quite a relief. I really like how they put the dunkel in dunkel with some nice roasty characteristics of coffee and burnt malts. A bit of spiciness is in there as well as a hint of chocolate. This is a wonderful brew."
" I was fortunate enough to obtain a sixpack of this and the Ramstein Blonde from fellow BA joehops, which I shared with some friends. One friend found both to be equally impressive, and the other thought that the Classic overshadowed the Blonde. I feel just the opposite, as I like the Blonde a good deal more than the Classic. However, both are very respectable brews that I will seek out again in the future."
"It had a small yet sharp tingle on the tongue which gave way to a mostly thin but partly oily mouthfeel. Moderately long finish and with a fair share of cream before the end that could taste a little better, especially given its milky bitter/sour quality. Pretty darn good beer but could be better, more hearty and expressive like a lot of German imports. Still, its nice to have a six of these around."
"[ STATS:>> 12 oz bottle / ABV: unlisted / PRICE: N/A ]"
"Backwash: If you close your eyes, you’d think you were in Munich. Truly classic."
"The beer is deep brown with some red tones when put to the light. There is a thin head which quickly dissipates and there is no lacing at all. The smell is of dough and fruit, and so is the taste with the addition of banana and nut (which I noted to a greater extent in the Winter Wheat as well). This is a smooth, easy drinking beer."
"Deep dark mahogany color, ""Chill Hazed", portly head that is creamy in texture, that leaves a nice coating lace to seal off the glass. The aroma of lightly toasted grains, sweet caramel, fresh and crisp, the start sweet and nicely malted. Top is middling in texture, finish is astringent, modestly hopped, and the aftertaste dry, a decent beer, and worth a sample at any rate."
"Sweet wheat/yeast nose.  Rich brown (dark red) look with a 1/2 inch white head.  Lots of suspended yeast (chunks on the bottom) in the glass. Roast caramel sweetness dominated the taste.  The mouth is smoothand soft throughout. .  The balence is improved by sturdy/fruity yeast and crisp hop bitterness in the finish.  A great ""winter wheat"" in my mind.  NJ should be proud!"
"Had many samples of this at the Hight Point brewery in Butler, NJ. First thing you notice about this beer is the chocolate aroma and taste. Then the apple - clove taste hits, followed by a nutty yeast flavor. The only way I can describe it is that is like drinking apple pie that was covered in chocolate sauce except that it is not as sweet. THE best dunkle weizen I have ever had. A little bit of Germany in central Jersey."
