review_text
""
""
""
""
"This beer pours a clear dehydrated urine yellow color. There is no head. The aroma is of sweet malt with hints of caramel. It is actually quite fragrant for the style. The taste is similar to the to the aroma. It is alright, but very simple. The mouthfeel is light bodied with nice carbonation. Overall, this is a decent beer at best. I can't see myself drinking this again."
"This really isn't much. It doesn't have any particular problems, it just isn't much, of anything. But I will enjoy the low abv as I move on with my day."
"Taste: Thin and fizzy mouthfeel. Watery with rice adjunct flavor. This is a really easy drinking low abv cheap beer. If I saw this on tap at a restaurant I would definitely order this over any cheap American lagers."
"Pours a crystal clear plae yellow color with barely any foam from a hard pour. Aroma is very dry and bready, slightly herbal. There's something there that I can't put my finger on, maybe it's the rice, but it's something I've never smelled in a beer before. Weird. Is this beer? This is water with some white bread soaking in it. It incredibly light bodied with barely any flavor in it. I thought Kokanee was the lightest beer I've ever had, but this has surpassed it. Are all Chinese beers this awful? If so, i never want another one."
"overall, this is a very crisp watery refreshing brew. i could see having a few of these but not anything that i would seek out"
"Pours a pale yellow with minimal laced head. Smells like a sweeter version of an adjunct lager. The taste is very impressive, slight hop flavor with some malty characteristics. It's very tingly on the tongue and is very crisp. I am pleasantly surprised. I was expecting more of a typical macro / adjunct lager here, but for a beer with only 3.8% ABV there is a lot of flavor here."
"D - Very drinkable. Mild and unassuming, but very clean and drinkable."
"Hand this out to the proletariat and keep them quiet, until they wonder where the taste went."
"Overall, a drinkable beer which I liked better when very cold, but also not bad after it warmed up a little."
"Hmm. Not exactly my cup of rice."
"Siwo should be re-named AWOL because the color, the aroma, the flavor and the mouthfeel are the next thing to absent. Some of that spring water sounds good right about now."
"Siwo was a very pale yellow color and very clear. It had a fizzy white head that instanly disappeared with no lacing. The aroma was light, grainy, and not very appealing. The taste was light, fairly crisp, and a little grainy with a dry finish. The mouthfeel was thin and watery with plenty of carbonation. Drinkability was poor. This was not a good beer. Avoid."
