review_text
""
""
""
""
""
"750ml Bottle - Sep 26, 2007. Strong, creamy Bosc pear flesh, perfectly ripe and imbued delicious yeasty esters. Peppery and with sandalwood. Pours a paler shade of amber, with a soapy sparse tinted head. Flavor is a lilting pale fruits and light esters. Nice sugar character, with bits of brandy, oatmeal and caramel. Mingling between caramelization backed with nuttiness and the brighter more alive fruits. Airs of scotch, foamy brine, and muskmelon. Palate is explosive and heavily carbonated, which makes it bright and brings a dancing soft air quality to it. Eventually as this beer settles and breathes and becomes familiar it reveals the heavy Munich use, making it a bit of a Belgian Oktoberfest. If that makes sense. Really not a bad beer...Thanks Rudy for an awesome extra!"
"Saw this one on tap at the Bethlehem Speakeasy one night when I was there. I ordered a class out of curiosity. The beer was handed to me as a really nice looking dark red brew with a big fluffy lookin head on top. The lacing was pretty solid for the majority of the beer. The smell was lightly roasted with some Belgian yeast aromas and spice on the nose. The taste I thought was pretty good also. The flavors were just about the same as the nose. The mouthfeel was mostly smooth with a little carbonation in there. Overall this beer wasn't too bad in my opinion."
"Just an altogether delicious beer from this brewery.... pretty much everything they make is."
"Slightly medicinal, mineral notes. Weak and not memorable"
"An unexciting to mediocre Belgian. I was looking for a calm, middling beer tonight, and even that relatively low bar was not met. I've been fairly dubious of this bottle since I purchased it. It's an odd name for a beer and it was on sale for $8 at a grocery store that I don't normally associate with good beer. That said, my experience matches up to other reviews, so I don't think that the bottle was bad or anything. The beer pours a normal enough warm brown-amber color with an extremely effervescent head. The head puffs up hugely at first, filling the glass with bubbles with only a couple inches of liquid. Despite all of this initial excitement, the head actually dissipated quite quickly and left very little lacing. It's actually sort of funny that there were so many bubbles in the appearance because the mouthfeel is distinctly under-carbonated. I would admit if this were my fault from an overly vigorous pour, but I babied it into the glass trying to avoid the monstrous head. The smell is really lacking. It's a flat, yeasty odor with very little of the normal complexity of good Belgian yeast. I'm not sure how the yeast would really be at fault, so I'm not totally sure what's wrong with this beer. The flavor is somewhat better but still odd. It's sweet with a fair bit of caramel and bread malt flavor, but it's not really very interesting or complex. The bitter yeasty flavor is also there in the flavor. There is a merely passing earthy Belgian note. The beer just doesn't come together. It's not awful, but if you're going to make an oddball Belgian variation, it's got to be good. Experimental or not, this beer doesn't really work on any level for me."
"date consumed:	16 Nov 2008"
"D: Unlike how I would label most Belgians, it would be a pretty good session beer. Not too complex and covers the abv well. A couple of friends generously supplied it over dinner. I think that its a great beer to have alongside a good meal."
"Appearance was the best of process."
"Bomber from Preiere Gourmet. A blonde ale, good yeastiness, finishing with some hops. Aftertaste of the yeast. Yeasty head on the golden colour. Yeasty aroma. Medium plus mouthfeel, though above average carbonation. Decent more hoppy than usual from a Belgian."
"Drinkability is fine but with a beer this boring, who would reach for another. dgallina is right about this being ""expensive for this level of quality."" If you do happen to see this on a shelf somewhere and it is bargain-priced, pass for any number of better and cheaper beers, rare vos being a widely available and far superior substitute."
"Drinkability: Not a session beer by any stretch of the imagination, but a nice one to knock down and, as mentioned, might be a nice intro beer for a beer-challenged friend."
"Serafijn Celtic Angel is impressively packaged (with new lime green and yellow labels on the 750 ml bottles), but doesn't get it done where it matters most. A name this good deserves a much more accomplished final product. I would like to see these guys brew an authentic Belgian pale ale that bears little resemblance to the beer I'm drinking now."
"This is an interesting Belgian, certainly lighter and with less alcohol than you will typically find for the style, and very drinkable. The beer pours an orangish amber, slightly cloudy, not much head, retention or lacing to speak of. There is some off white head and the smell is malty, grainy, good but not brilliant. This is a medium bodied beer, that gets a bit more watery as things settle. I like the creamy mouthfeel best. You will find a nice buttery smoothness on the tongue that is quite nice. The taste is clearly malty, somewhat grainy, a bit on the lemon/citrus end of the continuum, and there is a touch of the candied sugars in the fermentation. This is really a Belgian lite type of experience. You won't get the yeasty zing, the syrupy candied sugar experience, the spicy clove, or the alcoholy warming notes typical of the style. You'll get a pretty mild, somewhat medium bodied beer, with a bit of a metallic taste in the finish and no real after taste to speak of. This beer won't challenge anyone's palate, but neither will it offend. It's worth seeking out for a nice introduction to a Belgian ale without some of the more challenging, yet complex, characteristics. This is an easy beer to drink and enjoy. L'Chaim."
"Pours cloudy caramel brown with a large but thin head which dissipates moderately quickly. Aroma is yeasty and spicy; a sweet caramel base is over-layed with earth, white pepper, and cinnamon. Most of the flavor comes in the aftertaste. The initial sips are a bit plain; grainy with hints of caramel. The beer becomes very spicy at the end, however, with lots of mouth-prickling cinnamon, banana, and white pepper. Body is aggressively effervescent; clean but a bit astringent. Expensive for this level of quality. The aftertaste is nice, but the rest doesn't quite match up."
"Bottle: Poured an light orangey color ale with a big foamy head with some good retention and some lacing. Aroma of spices with some yeast characteristics and some nice Belgian malt. Taste is comprised of a mix between some Belgian malt with a nice hoppy finish. Body is above average with some great carbonation. Well done for the style."
"Purchased: Plaza Liquors, Tucson AZ"
"Very complex flavor. Spiced, bitter, dark fruits. Has a bit of a slightly unpleasant aftertaste, but it only marginally diminishes the experience."
"Nice beer. It wasn't what I was expecting but I enjoyed it and I'd have it again."
"Drinkability: That wasn't very interesting, either as a Belgian Ale or as an Irish Red."
"Notes: It was a good showing although not something I'd go out of my way for. Its into a once a year category but I doubt I'll see it again anytime soon."
"The beer pours very big, off white head billowing up the class and then falling to a pool of thick foam in just the center. A kinda sunset orange color when backlit and a darker reddish color when not. Light spicy aromd in the nose--from yeast I'm guessing--and a malty characteristic underneath that is a bit like an Irish Red. Nose fades with the head and doesn't really stick around to fight it out with the malt. The carbo bit is strong, explaining the head, and the solid malty taste powers over the top of the fizz, though the body is a bit light and watery. Yet the beer is still slightly assertive and good enough to grab your attention. Real nice beer that disappeared rather quickly and was refreshing for the unique attempt at hitting between styles."
"Hand carried back from Quebec."
"Many thanks to HardTarget for generously sharing this rare beer."
"Poors out with unbelievable and very well lasting head and brown beercolor with haze. Nose is swee orange, litle green gras, and quiet roastmalty. Taste is quiet burnt for it's color, sweet, litle hay and quiet spicy. Overal a plesant taste and very malty with a moderate and good bitterness. Mouthfeel is good with this taste and cause of enormous carbonisation that fits well with the taste. Good beer, well drinkable"
