review_text
"M/O- The mouthfeel leans towards full bodied but it's not quite there, and the carbonation is refined and smooth.....this could qualify as a desert beer and would do well with a plum pudding or with a slice of Christmas cake or Rum cake!  It warms the senses and is quite nice on a wintery day such as the one I am reviewing this on!  It's a decent beer and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to enjoy something a little more complex!"
"The dry and bitter tang almost feels like felt on the tongue initially, though a light crispness and good carbonation makes for a soft fluffiness."
"12/25/13 From bottle at Rattle n Hum, NYC.  Strange brew. Not the usual sweet spices but pleasant nonetheless. Worth a try if you can score just one."
""
"Tasty enough, sweet and spicy."
""
""
"jd"
""
""
""
"T - its fairly tasty and easy drinking, although in terms of flavour there are a couple of issues: it has nothing in the way of typical xmas or winter brew flavours, and it taste like a brown ale and not much like a belgian dark (although that is likely just miscategorized here), I did enjoy it but it was nothing like what I expected"
""
"easy enough to drink but its missing a little something but I don't even know what I'm wishing for, interesting brew worth trying"
""
"More of a brown ale, with slight Belgian affectations, than anything - and at the same time, eminently drinkable, the bittersweet nutty character urging you to put down the silly laptop, and just have some more."
""
""
"Overall not the best holiday beer, but not the worst either. Most likely won't try this again."
"The most over-carbonated beer I've ever experienced in my life. As soon as the cap came off, this gushered like a fire hydrant at full pressure, within 10 seconds, there was only two inches of beer in the 750 ml bottle, making this the most expensive tiny half glass of beer I've ever purchased. This is the second massive gusher in three days and I'm not a happy camper. I envy the other reviewer who had no carbonation. Poured the remainder into a Gulden Draak tulip. The massive head dissipated very quickly to a ring around the glass, off-white in color. The remaining beer is a murky dark mahogany brown. Aroma of dark and sour fruit, a hint of caramel and earthy spicing. Taste is subdued, light flavor of dark and light fruit (cherries, plum and apple), sour cherry. Finishes sour with light spicing. Much closer to a saison or biere de garde than a Belgian dark ale. The spicing somewhat overwhelms the other flavors and I'd like a bit more malt for a Belgian dark. Light bodied, but nicely carbonated once it settled down. This was a miss for me."
""
"Holiday Tasting event 2011. Poured into sampler glass. Pours a deep orange-brown body. Nose of sour berries, nutmeg and other earthy spices, toasted chestnut, and a sharp acetic acid note. Flavor starts with lots of tart cherry and berries, then has some toasted nut and oak. Hints of caramel, spiced wine, and sweet-salted peanut. Medium body is lightly carbonated and watery, but finishes with a spiced wooden dryness."
""
""
"O: This is a decent beer, but one that I will likely not revisit. The spicing is just too heavy and it lacks that little bit of extra power to really warm you up when the weather turns cold. This isn't a bad effort, but it's not great either."
""
"Maybe the harshest spiced beer I've ever had, clouded amber brown body...fine khaki tan head even lacing. Aroma has a nice pleasant fruitiness with Christmas spices like nutmeg, cinnamon, and tart tropical fruit nose really makes this beer nice in the nose. Flavor is full of carbonation and a rush of cinnamon, nutmeg, all spice, cardamon almost burns the palate with spice doesn't really let the base beer shine at all. Mouthfeel is super carbonated, medium bodied but the long lasting spice factor coats the palate to the point of sickening spice. Overall, the nose was nice I liked the tropical tart fruit nose, but the barrage of harsh spice really ruins this beer."
"The CPJ"
"Poured from a green 25.4 oz. bottle. Has a pretty cloudy caramel color, but the score will be bumped down a notch because there is no head whatsoever. Smell is of spices, some fruits. Taste starts of with green apples, some spices, grapes, a bit wine like. Feels medium bodied in the mouth and overall is a different and solid beer."
"d - drinkable but unremarkable."
"D: The beer isn't that difficult to drink but nothing really stands out in particular to make this an interesting Christmas beer."
"Huge head of beige hue. Flecks and bits of stuff mixed in. Cloudy orangey brown. Smell is lightly spiced with orange atop a firm malt bed. A touch of earth and a farmhouse fruitiness. Some caramel sweetness mixed in as well. Taste is light sweet malts with the orange and spice from the nose. A touch of wine and some tannic notes along with what seems like some light oak and vanilla. Dry lightly tart finish. Light supple feel with a nice carbonation and somewhat creamy fullness. Good drinkability and a nice lighter alternative for a holiday ale."
"O: An instant favorite. Love the fruitiness of the spices and the malt. A superb fruity Saison on par with Fantomes."
"Decent enough brew, enjoyed it. Does not scream Christmas beer to me but still good."
"Just kind of bland. There is nothing much here. Not the worst thing, but not something I would recommend either."
"Pours a one finger cream head that fades slowly, leaving a good lace. Cloudy brown color. Spices and tart nose. Good carbonation and medium bodied. Flavor is tart like a farmhouse ale with holiday spices. Expensive at $12.50 for a 750ml bottle from Tully's Beer & Wine Wells, Me."
"Note: I noticed lesser reviews for this beer. I have been aging this particular bottle for over a year. Perhaps this age has improved the beer?"
"D: A drinkable brew for me, but not much else, a lot better winter brews out there. Some solid spice flavours, but the overall character of the beer is thin and lacking."
"I've had better for sure... this is a drinkable, slightly above average beer in my opinion."
"This one is sort of like a bad waterly soda. No need to try again."
"Pours a reddish brown color with a massive yeast cloud that slowly settles and becomes one with the brew. Fruity yeast esters, plum, green apple, melon, chocolate, rich berry notes, cinnamon and a mild tone of oxidation. Creamy in body at first as the bubbles invade the tongue, the beer falls off the palate very quickly, a fruity, malty aftertaste is left lingering. Very drinkable, an odd but welcome Winter offering."
"Drinkability: Well, unfortunately, this one wasn't very good and one I cannot recommend. For me, it's less of a Bière De Noël and more of a Bière de No Thanks. Everything from the spice character to the malt profile, it's all so mild and uninteresting."
"Like a saison, this beer has a mild spiciness and a light mouthfeel. It is also substantialy creamy and grew on me throughout the meal. Pours golden yellow with lots of white foam and lace. Sweet and spicy, not bad for France. Refreshing. Carbonation suprisingly above average."
"Pours a golden orange with a fluffy head. Decent retention and a nice laceing. Aroma is of dark ripe fruits and yeast. Body is medium with some carbonation. Taste is like a light Belgin Ale.Fruity with hints of spice.A bit late in the season for a Winter beer,but worth the try."
"An average winter warmer at best."
"Taste is musty and very fruity with some dirty socks. This is a sort of Belgian Pale ale, the malt is a bit dark and it has some candi sugar notes, but nothing too crazy. Bitterness is low. Carbonation is out of control, every sip is a mouth full of gas. This makes the drinkability poor."
"Fresh from France, this ale pours with a red burgundy color and has a long lasting collar of white foam. Aroma is depthless, but shows a touch of sweet malt and green bottle skunk. A fresh bottle, but still shows a lot of green bottle character. Thin mouth feel. Poorly flavored and very mild in character. No yeast or malt character. Undrinkable."
"Drinkability- Not really feeling winter as I sit here on a golf course in Arizona. Decent flavors and fairly easy to drink, but not the best winter beer I have had. Maybe even less than average. Still not bad though. Just a touch boring."
"75cL bottle of the 2008 release. Pours a beautiful honey orange with a billowing eggshell cap and lots of sediment. Very effervescent. The foam cap is resilient, eventually dying down to a thick film while leaving sheets of lacing on the sides of the glass. Aromas of sour apples, vinegar, lemon zest, barnyard yeast, and a faint malt background blend to give it a very nice scent. The sour character is dampened on the palate, with a pleasantly sweet, slightly fruity character balancing the a bit of tartness. Again citrus comes to mind, along with some earthiness and spice. Hops are evident in the finish. I love beers like this--very complex, lots of character, and yet a low(ish) ABV."
"D - Definitely good beer! I will pick this up again come next Christmas. The sourness is appetizing, and is a nice change from all of the super-malty winter beers."
"Pours a dirty looking amber/copper with a almond head that billows a good three and a half fingers tall,very carbonated(hint:pour slowly). Not an over abundance of lacing, just enough to add some nice flare. The nose smells like cider vinegar and soured pears, it burns my nose just a little, which is surprising considering the low ABV ,this is not a bad thing. A good malt backbone is accented with spice and tart fruit flavors. Wow this is super tart! Reminds me of a thin Flanders Red with lots more fruit tartness and spiciness. The body is on the light side, carbonation is on the high side, which gives a medium feel and excellent drinkability."
"D- The soft wild notes work well with the fresh malt flavors and the orange rind brightness bridges the malt and hops working in concert with the spices. This beer is not big and no overly complex but is very balanced and delcious."
"This is not one of my favorite Thiriez beers."
"Seems like a polarizing beer--all of Thiriez's brews seem to challenge expectation--but one I at least give a thumbs up. Reminded me of first-rate champagne, and would be an excellent substitute to pop open (or in this case uncap) come midnight on New Year's."
"It is delicious - well-balanced. Spicy, but not overly so, with a nice maltiness and a touch of balancing, flavour-some bitterness. A unique, nicely brew."
"This is a very nice, easy drinking holiday beer. Not bad at all..."
"Really nothing great going on here... It's fine.. definitely not a drain pour.. but just pretty unremarkable."
"Thireiz Biere De Noel might be an appropriate winter beer for the the Cote d'Azur, but those living in more northerly regions of France will want something more substantial. While this is enjoyable beer (especially in late summer), I hope the brewery gives us something completely different the next time around."
"Nicely drinkable. Much different from any other winter warmer I have ever had."
"Purchased: Plaza Liquors, Tucson AZ"
"750 ml bottle. Different label than the one pictured. Despite the name, not really what I think of as a Xmas ale, being lighter in both body, alcohol, and presence than your typical winter ale. Nonetheless, enjoyable, with fruity notes typical of a Belgian Bruin, even though it isn’t."
"D - decent Christmas beer, enjoyable, but I wouldn't want more than one during a session"
"Drinkability is OK I suppose, but I was hoping for a heartier offering for a Bière De Noël, and the lack of body leaves the spices overdone."
"BBE 06. Good head and a amber brown beer with quiet some haze. Nose is sweet gale and malts with camallic note. Overall decent and good but missing litle spark to make it great. Taste is good also having a fine sweet but fresh maltyness. Still dry overall caracter and smooth drinking. Aftertaste is litle peppery and low bitterness but enjoyable as this whole brew is. Drinks easy and though there is nothing heavy about it enjoyable to me; and IMO subtile taste."
"D - I cannot believe that I have had a beer this good in my fridge for so long. Smooth, complex, yet understated. Perfect sipping beer."
