review_text
""
""
""
"This pours a dark, medium brown color with a slight head. The aroma is sweet with caramel malts, molasses, and sugars. The taste is sweet and smooth which is very uncharacteristic of an Abbey Tripel as it drinks and tastes more like a thin stout. This very unusual taste will probably turn you off if you are Tripel drinker."
""
""
""
""
"I want these brewers to survive though. They are near my stomping grounds."
"D - Viking seems to be on the brink of greatness, but there is just something missing with some of the beers I have had. If they can improve the malt/caramel characteristics in this beer so it is better balanced with the sour apple taste I think they will have a solid beer. Until then, I can't see myself having too much of this."
"Don't get me wrong. Forgetting its labeling, it's a rather nice beer of indeterminate variety and is decently drinkable. I had hoped for more."
"I haven't had enough Viking beer to know if there is a huge amount of batch-to-batch variation or if some of their offerings are simply less than good on a regular basis. If this bottle is at all representative, Abby Abnormal is not a beer that I have any desire to drink again."
"The drinkability is ok as well. Not a bad brew at all. Prosit MK"
"overall, i really liked this brew and will deffinatly try it again"
"I was very disappointed."
"A much darker beer than I anticipated, pouring a medium-brown hue, with ample carbonation along with a caramelly, fruity aroma. Very smooth and rather tart. The bottle says abbey, but this is drinking a little bit more like a sour brown ale (I'm not complaining). A very refreshing brew that is very drinkable. The fine bead of carbonation forms a tight ring of bubbles enhancing the appearance. As the beer warms up, a bit of rown sugar, allspice and a hint cinnamon surface in the aroma. This beer has some very tasty, fruity flavors (think: tamarind). The finish is a bit tart and delicately hopped for balance. A very pleasant and enjoyable Belgian-style beer."
"Decent brew, may have been too ""fresh"". I'll try cellaring this one to see just how it sorts itself out. I'll review it again at that point and decide whether or not to buy it again then."
"Originally reviewed September 17, 2005. Bottle sampled at the Big Lake Brewfest. Light raisin aroma. Dark murky pour, sans much of a head. Sugary, bready and yeast, but without much depth. Almost some rich olive oil notes. Finishes cloying and clingy."
"This beer pours dark brown and clear, like coffee, with some plumb highlights. The head consists of thin wisps of white bubbles. Smells predominantly of pomegranate with some hints of dry and sour coffee and a honey sweetness. The flavor begins with a tough lemon and unripe nectarine sourness, especially around the edges of my tongue, and then reveals a coffee and molasses smoky malt. It then fades back into citrus rind and pomegranate sourness and finishes with a smooth oat and coffee. Interesting flavors and fantastic dynamics. Mouth feel is medium to heavy body with a light carbonation."
"good body. fun to drink. not very familiar with this style, after this will go looking for more."
"I will admit I am a little nervous about this beer. A Viking Belgian Ale? Hmm. Pours out a dark brown cola, pretty much no head. Smell is dark roasted malts, and brown sugar and molasses. Taste is dark and fruity, slight coffee and more molasses, carmel and toffee. A very sweet dark beer, that is unique, if nothing else. Mouthfeel is flat, like most of the Viking beers. Not the best, but unique."
"I gotta say I would have this one again. I don't know if the Viking beers are hit and miss, but this time around this one was a hit."
"A nice enough beer, yummy as it goes, but falls a few shades short of where it's trying to go."
"I'd say that some age might blend the tastes together but some of these tastes I don't want in here. I don't know enough to know whether or not the metallic bitterness will leave in time but, it gets in the way of my interest in buying more to age."
"Mouthfeel is clean, refreshing and is medium in body. This brew is very unique and tastes like nothing I've ever had before. I wasn't too sure about it at first, but it's definately got something there worth drinking."
"Hazy brown color, with a purplish cast to the appearance. Flattish head, tan, average staying power -- a little dissappointing. Laces thinly but with some pattern. Aroma is strikingly yeasty, almost compost in earthiness. Undercarbonated and flattish, mouthfeel needs more here. The flavor is interesting, starts cocoa mulch and somewhat uninteresting but by mid mouth, it gains a lot -- prunes, currants, damp top soil, and wet canvas. The bittering is truly close to an acrid Spring aroma on the farm. Really different, kind of interesting, but I have to feel that this one is more heavy-handed in approach (disinctive yeast) than expertly executed."
"An OK beer really, nothing I would seek out again I think, I am torn between wanting to give it a bit better numbers, but it doesn't impress me enough, even though the subtlities were nice, I need a bit more out of it. I kept hoping it was going to improve as I got through the bomber but it primarily stays the same. This is one of those beers thats not bad, and its not excellent either, it does however promise subtlity and tries to keep you interested, but in the end its time for something else."
"for the style, i expected more. and unlike the previous reviewer of this beer, i was not left wanting more after finishing off the 22oz. bomber."
"Hard to rate. This is a very bizarre beer that I absolutely hated initially, accepted by mid-glass, and needed more of by the time the bomber emptied."
