review_text
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"A solid, nicely-balanced example of a strong ale. In fact, Riggwelter forms my mental template of the style. Looks alright, while the aroma and flavour have a rich malt presence accompanied by a considerable hop bitterness. Subtle roasty and fruity notes mingle on the palate. Mouthfeel is OK but could be slightly more substantial. Well-crafted and traditional; shame it's filtered as I imagine live yeast would add an extra dimension to the character. Doubtless a cracker on cask. Worth sampling if you come across it."
""
""
"This has a big body for a brown, particularly an English brown, though it doesn't stray from its purpose. It has depth in the feel, too, with dryness underneath a sweeter overtone and a certain richness to it. Crispness is light but firm and consistent from first hitting the tongue to the back of the throat in every sip, while it goes creamy smooth for the duration."
""
""
""
""
""
""
"O: Enjoyable beer to relax with."
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"I really enjoyed this one, and the import price is well reasonable."
""
"Pours a clear dark copper brown with a foamy dark khaki head that settles to a thin cap on top of the beer. Foamy rings of lace line the glass on the drink down. Smell is of toasted malt, caramel, oatmeal cookie dough, and a spiced rum alcohol aroma. Taste is much the same with a toasted bread flavor on the finish. There is a mild amount of roasty bitterness on the palate with each sip. This beer has a lower level of carbonation with a slightly crisp mouthfeel. Overall, this is a pretty good beer that is fairly tasty but I think this one has a slightly better smell going on."
""
""
"Notes: Malty all the way through a good example of an English Brown ale. Cheers."
"Starts off slow but gradually opens up and grows on you with the aroma becoming more noticeable and the taste was pretty good throughout. A very easy beer to drink and one that I'd have again."
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Unique and very tasty."
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Another score for Black Sheep. Deep brown, excellent volume to the head - you'll have to wait it out to pour the whole thing. The smell is more evident at room temperature - roasted coffee, as others have noted, and sweet carob. Good earthy flavor with more than a touch of umami and a whole lot of English yeastiness and malt. I guess coffee and malt are the predominant characteristics. It is a little astringent, but I wouldn't say bitter in the least. Robust is a great word to describe this beer. The roasted malt stays with you long after the last sip. Certainly an English brown with character."
""
"O: Decent, smokey, Ok."
"Nice carbonation if a little thin on the mouthfeel leave a flawed beer that still remains quite drinkable thanks to its positive elements."
"Poured a brownish body with one-finger head and lace patches. A hearty aroma of dry, roasted, bready malts as well as a touch of caramel and dark chocolate along with a leafy, grainy hop presence. The roasted malts and bitter hops give this beer a dry, roughish edge, even slight coffee notes hit my tongue. Medium to full body, a heavier brown ale that places the emphasis on dry malts and bitter hops as that's the predominant taste and it finshes with a sry, crisp bite. Some caramel and dark chocolate in there for sweetness but they're overpowered. The carbonation and dryness made a few sips rather unpleasant or else would've given this beer higher rating."
""
""
""
""
"O- Another stand out English Ale, and to be more specific, by Black Sheep! Nice strong flavors, well hidden alcohol, and very easy to drink! As it warms, it becomes even better...I let this review linger over an hour, which I never normally do! I very highly recommend this one and consider this to be amongst the great English brews!"
"Overall: Not crazy about the mouthfeel on this one, but the taste, smell, and appearance work out to a nice English brown ale. On the bitter side of flavor, but it works well with this beer. Paired well with a burger for dinner and good by itself after the meal."
"O: So English, and just a tasty brew. Can't believe I haven't had this in 5 years. Just as full-flavoured and exciting as the last time I had it."
"D - Very nice brown ale and one I will drink again with out hesitation."
"It had the appearance of a stout, more brown than black, dark coffee roast color. Small foaming head with smell of metal barrel, Dark roast coffee with espresso taste to it. An overall good beer the smell wasn't the greatest but I would drink it again."
"Drinkability: An excellent session beer; flavourful enough to keep me interested, nothing too overpowering. Warms you up nicely. I would love to try this with a nice hearty stew and biscuits."
"O: The flavors are interesting enough to sip and savor, although it doesn't go down easily enough to be considered sessionable."
"Nice blend of bitter and sweet, smooth mouthfeel and an all around good beer."
"Carbonation is too high for these flavours and cuts out the finish unnecessarily."
"Drinkability - Not a bad Yorkshire Ale - I could easily drink a few of these in a sitting."
"D - This is an extremely hig quality Brown Ale and probably the bench mark for me."
"Overall: A lot going on with this beer. Fruit and dark caramel malt mix very well. An excellent beer. I was a little surprised to see this categorized as a brown ale. I'm getting a lot of complex malt but nothing screams to me brown ale. This could easily be called an ESB."
"A very nice english brown ale that I would like to keep around in the fridge."
"Feels astringent at first, with lightness in the mid-palate. Finishes dryly. This makes it a good drinking ale, as there is no cloying stickiness at the back."
"D - Quite. I finished the bottle pretty quickly and wanted more. 4.0"
"I can't give you a reason to not try this beer if you have a second one will be up to you"
"Ive had this beer several time after the first time i reviewed it and each time ive had this beer i love it a little bit more. This has become one of my personal favorite beers and would recommend it to anyone"
" D- The nice soft toffee and toasted malt flavors are nice but I'm not sure if the tartness and woody notes suggest this is old or just the ""traditional flavor"" of this beer. A little more depth would have been nice in the flavor and aroma."
"Note: Seemed kind of like a lighter and earthy stout, and was quite enjoyable."
"overall its a quite nice brew that is certainly drinkable just a slight cut above average but without anything to define it as being anything great."
"Overall I wasn't expecting much from this as usually the cool labels sometimes mask a ho-hum beer but this is a great take on the English brown ale. Full of flavor and complex to match...and a cool upside down sheep to gaze out during the session."
"Drinkability: An above average brown, but not among my favorites. I could have two. The leafy/tobacco taste I get here sets this apart from others in the style."
"D: Pretty tasty, goes down easily, a touch light on the tongue, but other than that a fine beer to sit with for a few pints."
"Notes: Very drinkable and, while dark, very refreshing. I picked this up randomly at my local Bevmo and it was very nice, though this isn't my favorite style. Not quite sure if its worth the price $4.50, but very tasty."
"glassware: weihenstephan glass"
"The taste is toasty and lightlyearthy with hints of chocolate, dark caramel, coffee, slightly flowery with a bitter sweet finish."
"Drinkability- This was really good. I enjoyed it a lot. I will definitely drink this beer again."
"I wouldn't rush to buy it again, but for the style it was a tasty brew."
"(Some of this review is cross-posted on my blog.)"
"Drinkability is good. This is an amazing fall beer/winter beer and the flavor makes it easy to put a few away."
"D- very thirst quenching for such a full flavored brew and maybe the best brown ale i've had to date. the brewery calls it an english strong ale and as for that, i don't know. i could drink this until i'm on my back like that sheep."
"16.9 oz. Brown/amber, more brown pour. Large bubble cream colored head. Nutty, slight roast malt aromas. Taste matches quite a bit, lots of nuttiness some roast nut, light peatyness, some butter and bread. Hints of hops, but very minimal. Finish just a slight bite, not sure how to classify it. Pretty good drinkable brown, but not outstanding. Worth trying though for sure. I'm sure for a real English style this pales in comparison, but for us in the states, a good English brown."
"M&D - Smooth, low creamy perfect carbonation. I could drink a couple of these and be very happy. Lot's of flavor but it is gentle and treats your tongue like a lady."
"Drinkability- Personally, I like this more than I loke most English brown ales, but it really isn't to style. I'd say give it a whirl."
"Lot's of complex parts here. Dark roasted malt & strong hop bitterness up front...some sourness, followed by some very slight diactyl. lingering dryness and bitterness @ the finish. For something which a high ABV % I found it to be quite watery, yet fizzy. Worth a try, but not something I would be inclined to seek out again as a session ale"
"Gentle cream-white head of about a finger's depth, good micro-density, credible amount of lacing left behind. Has an amber-brown color of acceptable darkness, more pure orange at the rims with a touch of yellow. Clearly defined nose of cocoa, nuts grapes and peaches, sodabread, relaxed and not out to sell you on anything, throws in a smattering of nutmeg and allspice scents. Medium-bodied, curiously foamy and soft mouth entry, lots of immediate lift and upper palate presence. again, very clean feel with scone, sodabread, cocoa and nuts. Adds in a minerally dimension, streamwater and a little herbal hoppy bite towards the end. Foam lasts through the finish which keeps it friendly. Quite drinkable and has a solid presence without drawing attention needlessly."
"For the first time since my Dad's last visit, I'm saying I am glad he left this beer at my house! Recommended."
"Good beer. Got this bottle last week at Sam's in Chicago. Poured with a medium sized tan head and a little lace. Lots of aroma: malty, roasty, caramel, toffee, dark and medium fruit, chocolate and other stuff - seems like I could almost go on forever if I wanted to. Color is an almost hazy dark amber. Flavor is similar to aroma. Is some creaminess there from mild carbonation. Leaves a mild brandyish finish. Could be a session beer if I were going slow as it is a bit rich."
"D - Moderate. Definitely not a session beer. One to two pints is enjoyable, but it is by no means the best English ale I've ever had."
"English brown ale? I thought this was an excellent English bitter. Oh well..."
"Body is medium. The flavor is rich. Pretty dry finish. Bitter for a brown. Pretty easy drinker, I had no trouble putting this away. Quality brew."
"Future outlook: Well, this was OK, but nothing really to make me feel the need to seek it out again."
"Smells like whiskey. Dark ruby red color with a decent head. The beer is a bit sour but still very tasty. The scent is the strongest point of this beer in my mind. It is unusual, but not so off beer smelling. The taste is mostly malt with a fair balance of hops but more in a sour flavor than a fruit or citrus flavor. I don't love the aftertaste, but's it's not all that bad. It does go down fairly easy, but not my favorite style, so I probably wouldn't drink too much of this in a sitting."
"I would love to try this on cask!"
"Overall, the best brew I've had so far from Black Sheep. Its highlight was its aroma. Nicer head retention and a bit more balance between the hops and malt would have made this an excellent english brown ale. Riggwelter is still a great ale that I would definately pick up over Black Sheep's other offerings down here."
"Clear amber with a very fine light tan head that leaves some nice lace. The nose is of herbal tea, tobacco and toasted grain with some chocolatey malt. This is a good tasting EBA, lots of soft but complex flavors going on, malty and herbal with subtle hop bittering. Light bodied and crisply refreshing, lingering tea-like bitterness in the finish. One of the better examples of the style available to me."
"Fairly drinkable ale, and certainly worth trying for fans of the style. It is fairly assertive yet a tasty enough brew. While i probably wont be rushing out to try this again im glad i did and would certainly recommend it."
"Thin bodied with a sharp, but low carbonation. Drinkability is pretty good, but its too sweet for me to have more than a couple"
"I loved the color of this beer, sometimes there is a lot of reddish hues in brown ales, but this one has none of that...just brown and beautiful."
"Surprisingly light bodied. Substantial carbonation plays well with the roasted characteristics. Fairly easy drinking, but the heavy flavor keeps it from being up there."
"When I discovered that this was the Riggwelter I wasn't surprised - its pretty average both as a beer and a representative of its style. There's just too little of interest going on to justify purchasing it again."
"taste is of cocoa, wheat, a touch of coffee, malt, some spice in the back, and dark fruits."
"OVERALL: Not the most drinkable brew I've every had. The strong and dominating hop bitter aftertaste is slightly offensive and would make it hard to drink this in great quantities. I didn't look forward to the next sip. I could see someone who loves strong dominating bitter hop aftertastes really enjoying this, but I prefer a bit more malt ballance in my beer."
"Drinkability: Although the molasses character in the nose and initially in the taste nearly turned me off at the outset, I'm glad I took the chance to see it through. The bitterness disappears after a few drams, replaced by a complex, dynamic flavour. Definitely one to give the benefit of the doubt and to sip and savour. Another respectable offering from the UK's Black Sheep Brewery."
"Very rich creamy and syrupy mouthfeeel. This is a very good brown ale, I have nothing to complain about here."
"Average right down the line. No major faults, but no charm or likeability, either. Forgettable."
"A solid beer of a frequently bland style. Enough character to be interesting."
"Bitter with some licorice and brandy notes. Dry with little carbonation. Tastes fresh but not all that interesting to me. I mostly liked the black sheep on his back on the label and the accompanying explanation of Riggwelter. I've also had this brewers Black Sheep Ale which was nothing I'd try twice."
"MF&D - A great overall ale. Would be great in a session."
"Poured a nice clear brown color with a thick tan head that hung around for a few minutes. Aroma is earthy, woody, creamy, sweet and malty. The body is crisp but creamy at the same time. There is a nice frutiness to the brew. The buttery diacetyl flavor is pleasant. As i drink it it becomes slightly bitter. The hints of roasted malt and coffee comes out. A would have a few pints of this easily. A great english brown."
"7/4/7/4/14 (3.6/5)"
"Reddish-brown pour with a fair-sized off-white head. Roasted malt, caramel, and banana in the nose, with some straw. Taste was a ton of straw, popcorn, and bitter, bitter malt. The straw is nearly overwhelming when you get to the bottom. Strange beer."
"Re-review June 2010: This beer has a lot more caramel flavors, lots more malted toffee, and lots more pale malt flavors. There is less astringency for sure. There some leafy hop in the background, some very subtle charred flavors. This beer just got bumped up a notch. It is quite good."
"Drinkability: Fairly enjoyable and worth trying!"
"From a brown bottle - Pours dark brown with almost no head or carbonation. Smells of sweet caramelized malts with lust a tad of light hops. First sip is very sweet with caramel notes and very little hops. Finishes with a welcome bitterness. Well under carbonated. Not much happening here. Worth skipping this one!"
"One of my favorite recent beers without a doubt and I will definitely be buying more in the future."
"D: A good balance of sweet and bitter. The bitter is just strong enough in the aftertaste to make you want to take another pull real soon, just to get back that honey roasted nut flavor. I see this bottle disappearing fast."
"Conclusion: In my opinion, THE best English or English-style ale out there. Pure and simple. Every time I have this I discover something new to like about it. It's complex, robust, and quite unique. This beer was a mainstay on my trip to Yorkshire, and the Black Sheep Brewery is fantastic if you ever get a chance to go. This beer is absolutely perfect for a chilly fall afternoon after raking leaves or a cold winter night by the fire. Definitely in my ""top 10 beers of the world."""
"Superb feel with great carbonation and a truly quaffable drink."
"The English love to make dark strong ales like this. Pretty good."
"I honestly don't know what to think of this one. I loved the aroma and appearance, but I didn't care for the most important part of the beer, the taste. I'd might buy it again for the aroma and appearance, but not the taste of it. It's worth a shot."
"Drinkability: Not a session beer, but nice enough to drink."
"d: a highly drinkable beer with a nice overall warmth and good blend of a lot of delicious flavors"
"The beer pours A dark ruby brown with a nice creamy cap of off-white foam which left some lacing on the glass. The aroma is toffee, caramel, hay, and butterscotch. Definitely malty with biscuit and butterscotch notes. There is also a light mineral twang and some nuttiness. A little bit of bitterness from the roasted malt comes across near the finish. Smooth and medium bodied. This is definitely an English brew and a good one at that."
"I tried this beer on February 11, 2008 after purchasing from my local LCBO outlet. The beer poured a translucent reddish brown into the glass with a thick, creamy, off-white head that lingered. The aroma is primarily malt with a little skunkiness. The mouthfeel was full-bodied, creamy, with some carbonation. The flavour is also malty, very English."
"Overall a solid English ale bt nothing special."
"Keep this stuff away from the Welsh, the picture of a sheep on its back may be giving them too many ideas."
"D = Good drinkability. This is one of the best English Borwn Ales I have had. I definitely recommend it."
"A tad too sweet and syruoy, just bit too heavy handed to drink a lot of, but nice enough as a one off."
"Drinkability: I would have to say it is a good beer."
"Overall - A pretty standard but good brown ale... definitely worth a try..."
"Good on the drinkability scale. That is what English ales are for."
"Mouthfeel, a little on the thin side for me, kind of slippery. Doesn't do a fantastic job of blending the alcohol, it tastes stronger than it's 5.7%. An okay beer, pretty rough around the edges."
"Good, creamy mouthfeel with an ultra-easy level of drinkability leads to an all-around easily drinkable, outstanding brew... Definitely worth-it, and certainly recommended..."
"Gift from the wife at $3.99/bottle. Thank you wife! Looks nice in an English pint glass. Dark brown with a tan foamy head. Smell is out of this world. Caramel & dark malts, scotch, peat, alcohol, hardwood, this is one of the best smelling beers I've yet had. Taste has a sharp , almost acrid bitterness that lessens as you progress through the beer. This is what many will notice first off, but after a while you realize it's balanced with a lot of sweetness - again caramel and toffee, some vanilla. This is a wildly complex beer. Mouthfeel is nice, but bubbles are a bit sharp, particularly for an English Ale."
"500mL bottle purchased from LCBO in Toronto. Pours a clear dark brown. The aroma is lemony - perhaps a bit metallic. Flavour is a balanced maltiness and of a decent strength. It's all decent stuff, I suppose, but I'm finding it a bit boring really. I suppose it's just not my style."
"Overall- Decent brew. Different than American Brown Ales where this one is very strong of alcohol in the taste, and American versions are malty and sweet."
"Very Dark amber color with a nice lacy tan head. It has a very sweet aroma of deep roasted malts and it even has almost a minty smell to it. The taste is really good. It is a creamy sweet malty base with some hops mixed superbly at the end to even out the taste. It even has almost a minty/scotchy aftertaste that is really pleasent and relaxing. It has a velvety mouthfeel and is perfectly carbonated. It is a very drinkable beer and I am glad it comes in a real pint as opposed to a 12oz bottle. If you get a chance to pick up this beer, do it."
"Appears a brown caramel hue with an abundant amount of beige head forming thick and rises above the rim of my English style pub glass, lacing forms thin but evenly. Aromatics slight diacetyl earthy herbal tobacco leaves, mild dusted cocoa with an English funk from open fermentation. Roasted caramel malts bring out cereal like whole grain ntoes as well. Flavors is mildly sweet with a touch of wet cardboard, excellent earthy English hop dose mild chocolate bitterness touch of toffee as well. Toasted nut and a flow of mineral quality arises. Mouthfeel is medium bodied naturally carbonated with smooth carbonation no cloying qualities at all. Drinkability is session material all the way I'm glad to have local access to this ale."
"This beer has a lot going for it but I'm not really enjoying the way it was hopped that much. Too grassy and a bit astringent."
"I unfortunately have a cold right now but this beer still tastes great and is also a bit of a restorative (IMO). Notes of fruits (slightly sour), caramel malt, tobacco and a dry somewhat bitter finish. Great beer to have on a fall day or when you have a cold."
"Dark chocolate brown with good clarity. Stout like nose, some burnt malty notes with a slightly hard edge. Quite light bodied in the mouth, seems like a true cross between a stout and an ale. Very nice feel although the malt does drop off a little. Just lacks a bit of excitement. Not sur ehow or why this thng is rated so well.."
"drinkability is great. nicely balanced. solid and tasty english brown."
"Over all, a good beer. Although the taste was a bit stronger than I thought at first, it wasn't an unpleasant surprise. Mouth feel was good, very easy to drink. Taste was a good combo of hops and malt, like an ale should be. I was impressed. I would like to try more from the Black Sheep Brewery."
"This is the first yorkshire ale I have ever drank, so take my review with a grain of salt. The smell was good, but it almost smelled like a porter, which from the reviews I have read thats about what to expect. The taste was a strong but not overpowering of mault. Overall a very drinkable ale, just not quite as strong or think as a porter, but I think I would have been confused if not for knowing what it was when I bought it. I'll have to drink more to get a better idea of what it should be. Nice drinkability though."
"D - Not terribly impressed with this one. Feels overly boozy and somewhat one dimensional."
"I love this brewery. So far, I've yet to have a beer from them that wasn't short of amazing. Poured in the glass a strong brown colour. Sort of an ale's ale of colour. Bit of dark amber and ruby show through when held to the light. Big, firm head peaks up and settles down to about 2 1/2 fingers. Strong malt smell, with some sweet brown sugar, black berries, and floral hops. Strong malt flavour, with some dark berries, floral hops and a hint of smooth butter to even out the strong flavour. The mouithfeel! Oh wow. If this had no flavour, I would drink it for the mouthfeel alone. Pleasantly coarse, raw and granular. Something I've never yet experienced in a beer. I will be stocking up on this. At 5.7, a tad strong for a session beer. And dangerous too. You do not detect the alcohol. However, it's nothing short of delicious."
"On the palate it isn't powerful and moving, but it does give a somewhat smooth, sweet, and deep flavor. And overall, that is enough for me to enjoy it. It won't take a place among my all time favorites, but it is worth trying for the smooth flavor in itself. And on a total side note, the cap has a cool design I thought (I collect them)."
"Bottle: Poured an amber color ale with an off-white foamy head with good retention and some good lacing. Aroma consists of notes of caramel with some dry malt. Taste is a nice mix between some dry malt with some subtle notes of caramel and what I believe to be a Fuggles hops ending. Average body with some medium carbonation. Well done and easy to drink."
"D: A good drinker."
"My impression is of an excess amount of malt that throws the brew off balance, so it's unbalanced like the Riggwelter that it's named after. The beer was certainly crafted this way and likely a good example of the style but I find it unpleasant for the most part so I reflected that in my scores. I didn't like this nearly as much as the Black Sheep Ale I enjoyed recently from the same brewery, usually in good supply at the LCBO."
"A very nice strong which hides its alcohol has a silky mouth feel and is both drinkable and satisfying"
"D - Overall a very quaffable brew..I enjoyed this very much"
"Pours a darkish brown color with a thick foamy head. Aroma is fruity and malty at the same time with a small hint of raisin and caramel. The taste is full-bodied and malty with a very nice aftertaste that is just right. Let's review again: full-bodied, malty, smooth and a nice aftertaste. This is definitely what I like in a brown ale. Very, very drinkable. Subtle. Nothing too fancy. Excellent beer."
"Pours a deep brown with lovely ruby highlights that only show under direct light. Aromas of banana esters, caramel malts and some toasty, brown notes. Some cinnamon and gentle, earthy hops round things out. On the palate, brisk hop bitterness jumps up first, with some bananas and spice then arriving on the tongue. The mid-palate shows off some smooth caramel malts and then a sourish Yorkshire finish. Mouthfeel is pleasant, but a bit heavy, with some sharp carbonation that resists being overdone. Well done beer here. A bit heavy for a brown ale designation, but very nice."
"Not a bad beer,but not highly consumable,very nice aroma but a little dissapointing in the flavor,kinda bland with some hints of the flavoring coming thru,but i really was expecting more."
"D: Easy flavors make for easy drinking, but something about the hop profile doesn't seem to mesh well with the sweet malt. It seems as though the question isn't whether or not there are too much hops, but rather the flavor presence not complementing the malt well enough. Still, a mild ale worthy of a sip."
"d: a great-looking beer with overpowering coffee flavor that just didn't do it for me"
"I like this beer. Definitely would recommend it."
"A very enjoyable brown, on the dry and toasted side of things, satisfying but I think I'd only consume one at a time, not a session ale for me."
"ale."
"pours a very deep amber with a small tightly packed head. smells of malt, overly ripe bananas and raisin. the initial taste is much like the nose but then gets taken over by a nice roastiness. a touch of smoke. very flavorful. smooth in the mouth almost a bit slick. a solid beer i will def. drink again."
"Pours a dark mahogony with a huge tan foamy head. The head leaves great lacing making this a real nice looking beer. The smell is all about dark fruit. There is alittle bit of nut ""chewiness",but the dark fruit totally dominate the aroma. The taste is very porter like with dark fruit,coffee,nuttiness,vanilla,roasted malt, and a smoked wood flavor. The m/f is medium and the complex flavors are very good. A very good beer that I think is alittle underrated."
"I like to enjoy the subtle complexity of English ales from time to time, and this is one of the best I've had. The flavor is balanced, but assertive. A wonderful treat."
"Overall: I enjoyed this ale more than the numerical score indicates; this one’s an example of a beer that hovers between being good and very good. It’s a solid ale, well-balanced and enjoyable. Recommended."
"Good, but far from my favorite."
"Drinkability: This is a good beer. I picked up a bottle in a whim because I had not seen this before. I'm glad I gave this a try. Overall, I could not shake the feeeling that while this may be an English Brown Ale, it acts like a very good stout with all the roasted malty goodness it has to offer."
"I guess this is the Black Sheep version of Old Peculier. Having tried the two of them recently, this one has the edge. Would love to try it as a cask ale."
"Split a bottle with a friend recently and was impressed with the color and head off the pour. Taste was extremely smooth and flavorful with a hint of the chocolate I usually find in porters. One I will buy again if the price is reasonable.very drinkable"
"Overall I give this beer two thumbs up. I drink it all the time and never get tired of it."
"An easy to drink tasty english ale."
"A decent brew all in all."
"I'm surprised that I haven't rated this before, as I discovered it a couple of years ago, and get it as something different occassionally. I can't say that it is something that I would want to have as a sessionable beer, or, as good as it is, anything outstanding. But, it has something of a pleasant uniqueness about it that serves well as an occassional treat."
"500ml bottle from Ron's in Farmington. Somewhat translucent dark brown body with ruby-red highlights and a little under an inch of head that leaves great lacing. Smells like roasted malt with kind of a fruity banana quality to it. Tastes sweet with toasty malt and hints of banana. Flavor is very rich and complex. Body is on the heavier side of medium-bodied, somewhat creamy. Fairly drinkable, though this one is a bit of a sipper IMO. Very impressed - looking forward to more beers from this brewery!"
"Nice example of the style, worth a pint in the bottle, would be even more excited to try it from a cask."
"This is drinkable and authentic to the style, just not terribly exciting. Still, if you like English ales, this is one to check out."
"Not my favourite style"
"Easy to drink, not too heavy for a darker beer."
"Rubied chestnut with steady, slow rising carbonation streams and a rocky, thick beige foam cap. Nutty and wet fruit (green apples, bruised plums, sour cherries) aromas with a subtle malt character. The sour fruit character continues in the taste with a strong herbal and earthy hop flavor. There is a slightly bitter mineral finish. As it warms, the beer develops more of a pronounced nut flavor, with an emphasis on the dryness of black walnuts and hazelnut skin. This is detectable primarily in the aftertaste. Medium body, with a tannic, dry mouthfeel -- rather crisp for a brown ale. Very drinkable for the style, but with the import price I can't help but feel there are many more comparable and affordable domestic offerings."
"The nose is somewhere between molasses and coffee with a hint of grain. This has a bigger taste than I was expecting. It tastes slightly smoky but with just enough of a minty bite from the hops to prevent it from becoming cloying. Fortunately for me it doesn't really taste of coffee, but has more of a standard roasted malt flavour. This brew is well carbonated and relatively easy to knock back for such a full flavoured beer: pretty good stuff."
"M&D: the texture is pretty moderate, benefiting from non-intrusive fizzy flows yet not as creamy and subtle as I'd like it to be; perhaps the rough and bold roasted-malty taste comes at the expense of the texture, yet overall the beer is just balanced and so... enjoyable. The consistant bitterness from the start to the end makes this ""Brown Ale"" very distinctive from all other ""Brown Ales"" I've tasted, and I do wonder if this style fits in with this particular beer (vice versa)! Anyhow, I truly enjoy it, and would recommend it to all bitter-ales lovers."
"Very drinkable and must be tried with Wensleydale Cheese, they come from the same valley in Yorkshire."
"Drinkability – This is definitely a worthwhile session ale although a bit darkish than the norm."
"Vigorous pour into a Sam Smith tulip from a .5L bottle yields a massive 1"" plus head that seemingly refuses to settle (it does eventually, but it takes its good time). It's a medium-light tan, and a bit rocky. The ale is a dark copper gold, and quite transparant. Leaves some very nice, sudsy lacing. The nose is of a sugary, shortbread character, with some peppery notes, possibly from the hops. Lemons come through as it warms. The taste is incredibly pronounced, very dry at first - a great shock to the palate. I'm intrigued. Notes of cocoa and espresso waft around this light bodied ale. I swear I detect wheat toast, as well. The dry bitterness hits the most when the beer leaves your mouth for the throat. Carbonation is very low, affording an incredibly smooth body. This is magnificent, and I find it hiding in (for me at least) the unexplored territory betwixt brown ale and bitter."
"Drinkability - A nice beer with a very smooth finish. I wouldn't really see this beer as being head over heels better than, let's say, a Rogue hazelnut brown. A nice treat that I would indeed buy again."
"Pours to a dark brown, with hints of red, tan head that lingers and excellent lacing. Aroma of malt, and dark fruit. Taste is predominantly dark fruit with hints of choclate at early glass. Alcohol becomes more evident at mid-glass as beer warms. Slightly sour palate at first turns to a nice smooth, dry warming finish at the end of the glass."
"I rather enjoyed the label and presentation, this is a 'fun' brewery. Poured with a responsive head, I chose to leave 2 fingers worth of fluffy foam. Dense lacing! A dark looking beer, but a brighter, shinning copper colour when held to the light. Different shades highlight the body. A tofee, malty aroma - very Enlglish! Mouthfeel and taste also unmistakeingly English: a very coarse, mineraly mouthfeel. Some gentle hop bitterness to round it off nicely. A soapy, suddy lasting finish. Flavour with a touch of caramel malt maybe, dominated though by gritty brown malt. Filling and pleasent flavour but nothing too exciting or overly appetizing. Some 'nutty' characterstics, a good beer for many occasions. Quite solid."
"Mouthfeel- A bit of a sharp metallic bite on the back and middle of the tongue. I think its the hops that contribute to the that bite."
"Nice siping beer... seems paradoxal it comes in a traditionnal english format that makes you want to take good size gulps."
"Deep mahogany/ chestnut in my glass with a yellowish tan head. Aroma of roasted grain and fresh baked pastry. Flavors of roasted and crystal malts with a touch of sweetness. I was reading in bed at 2:00 am with this beer on my night stand, and all of a sudden it was 9:45 am. I still had about a third of the glass left, so I continued my investigation immediately upon waking. Tasted flat and @ 60 degrees F, I noticed more husky grain and carob flavors. Next time I'll open this one earlier before bedtime, but I kinda liked how the whole affair played itself out."
"Bottom line: A good, solid example of an English Brown Ale. I recommend it."
"Seems like a great warm weather beer for stout lovers, the beer tastes similar but doesn't weigh you down. I'd drink it again."
"A brown ale with abundant ice cream float head. Hoppiness and malty character and complexity, some cocoa. Earthy, touch herbal, bit astringent mouthfeel, which is fine with food.Lace in glass. Definite nuttiness. Surprisingly drinkable. Satisfying. Good for its style."
"A vigorous pour resulted in all foam. Took a while to die down, this is a dark amber color with a tan head. Smell has some ester in it. Taste is quite good, fair amount of malt up front, the esters are pretty far in the background, actually more diacetyl taste present. Seems kind of earthy. A tasty beer for sure, well worth trying."
"beer is very drinkable."
"Characteristic mineral and sulphrous qualities waft up from the big, pillowy head of this medium brown beer. The palate features malt, minerals, and a fleeting hop bitterness. The taste finishes with roasted malt, and a hint of chocolate and coffee. Riggwelter drinks a touch on the thin side. In typical British fashion, it's a bit restrained, but it's still quite enjoyable."
"Musings: Every time I drink this, I like it. It's not show stopping - but it's very consistent."
"The mouthfeel is creamy smooth."
"Largely impressed with this choice. Upon the pour, the color is a bright and rich ruby - brown color with a fim and dense head. Solid, creamy aromas of nuts, caramel, chocolate, and barley malt. Tastes even better than aromas. Throw in big roundness in flavor with heavy creaminess and smoothness. A very good brown ale. Only a light grain texture and bitterness exists in the back of the throat. Finishes sweet and a bit minty. Will have this one again."
"A smooth English ale with a nice hop kick. Quite dark in taste and in color."
"Taste: licorice, dry, slightly burned, malt bitter, hop bitter, some honey flavor, just the right amount of carbonation. I also get the impression of some saltiness, but this might be more the association with the licorice. Overall, this is a very nice beer, with a lot of similar properties with a dry porter. On the label is no description what category this beer should fall."
"Drinkability: LOVE this brewery. Another all-day drinker, just a terrific beer."
"Amid all the heavy hop talk nowadays I find it very refreshing to pick up an ale such as this. This is a tasty reminder of warm, inviting malted goodness."
"Riggwelter poured to a gorgeous dark brown with an off white head that left a nice lace all the way down. A bit rough on taste at first but finished off cripsp and clean. Great body, certainly way better than a newcastle. I loved the the fallen sheep it kind of made me think that if I had too many of these I might end up the same way."
"But after a couple drinks this brew grows on me a bit as the sour notes dont seem quite as strong and the body of the beer comes forward...very malty as it warms up. I think this beer was at its best around 55-60 degrees....Will buy this again"
"Thanks to nsmit17 for sending this to me."
"Had this beer while touring in Ireland. I was quite pleased with it's dark roasted character, it's beautiful dark black, almost red hue. The head is thin on this, but stays fairly well. It was lacing on the sides of the glass as I drank it. It could have been a little thicker in my opinion but it was a great beverage to go with our dinner. It came in a nice sized 500mL bottle and paired with the 5.7% ABV left you feeling pretty good afterwards. I enjoyed it. Hopefully I'll be able to find it in the states."
"Not a shabby brown ale... no freshness date to be found, and this is probably older than it should be... still worth a shot."
"Mouthfeel is a bit thick, slightly bubbly, nice. Drinkability... is okay. But, I can see this getting to be too much after a while because it is so, so sweet. Overall, a sweet, tasty beer. Almost like drinking candy, or another dessert. A nice sweet treat."
"Reviewed 06/11/05. Pours a beautiful ruby hue with a tightly compacted head of medium thickness. Carbonation appears to be full, maybe a touch more than this style commands. Nose is full of malt, crystal malt comes through in a big way. Mouthfeel starts off dry, not too dry, very nice. Flavor runs from malty dryness to malty sweetness, interesting. Some diacetyl and mid flavor cloying sweetness. Finish dries out and then the sweetness returns, may be an old sample and lacking the hop influence for balance."
"This beer really scores well in most of the areas, but I'm still not convinced it has a drinkability too far above average. I'm just not intrigued enough to return for another."
"It falters a bit on the palate- it is thinner than the nose would suggest. But the hops, complex flavors and long lingering roasty finish save the day. Hell of a session beer!"
"Riggwelter's color is brown with a strong red hue. Head is light brown and quite large. Retention is great. The aroma is a little bland, just a light nuttiness. Taste is sweet and nutty, with a touch of roasted coffee. Drinkability is great, I could hang with this one all night and stay entertained, while not getting full."
"Flavorful but too sweet for my taste. The sweetness really gets to my tastebuds and prevents me from having another."
"Pours a dark mohagany color with many very small bubbles of carbonation. Has a half of an inch of head that's there until you're down to the bottom. You don't see better head on a beer than this. Ah, smell those roasted malts with a touch of hops. The flavor stays on your tongue for awhile and you're left with a sensation of hops and your palate that's not too strong. Not as carbonated as you'd think based on so many carbonation bubbles you see. Drinkability is high and I recommend this beer to anyone who enjoys a good ale."
"This beer really surprised me. I absolutely loved the creamed coffee flavor of this english ale. A bit lighter in body and flavor than Old Pecular, but just a flavorful - in it's own unique way. A little pricey @ $3.59 ea. - but a nice treat nonetheless."
"Tastes good; fairly dinkable in my opionion."
"Drinkability: This is a nice brown ale, but it is quite filling"
"I'll come back and edit this and explain what the name and label means soon."
"Served in a .5 liter mug from a 16.9 oz. bottle. Has a reddish-brown color with a big light brown head. Smells sweet, very fruit like. Roasted malt, mineral water, coffee, fruity hop come out in the flavor. I can taste some licorice too. This is one tasty Englsih ale."
"Pours a deep translucent chestnut with copper edges. Develops a few fingers of creamy tan head which quickly resolve themselves into a creamy film and sticky lacing. Smells of toasted bread crusts over fragrant hops, with resinous notes and a slight diacetyl (butterscotch) background. The flavors starts with sweet caramel malts and strong butterscotch, slowly developing toasty and yeasty qualities, and finishing with good hop dryness and lingering woody, smoky, and almost port-like notes. Medium to medium-heavy, very creamy and moderately carbonated in the mouth. A tasty, solid, interpretation of the style."
"The mouthfeel is lighter than expected with toned down carbonation. The Black Sheep Brewery has down in again with this brew. Its an excellent Brown Ale that is dangerously quaffable."
"Georgeous dark amber brown with an amazingly thick and creamy bubblebath of khaki head sitting on top. Caramelly chocolate, vanilla, and warm alcohol scents. This is very smooth and just flows so easily over your tongue. The carbination is not so much, which makes this very drinkable. I like the feel of this one. Body is not so thin, but not really medium... maybe somewhere in between. Alot of vanilla bean flavor, black coffee, and maybe some whiskey. Very good drinkability , good flavors and mouthfeel to it."
"This is a tasty and satisfying English Brown Ale. Very solid."
"Medium bodied."
"Other comments: Antoerh somewhat popular one at the Norwich Beer Festival. One of the best ones I've tried from Black Sheep Brewery. I do like the Old Norse name, Riggwelter: rygg = back, velte = fall over (very similar to the same words in modern Danish!)."
"The beer poured a dark cordovan with a gorgeous tan head. The aroma was heady of alcohol and cherry over a toasted malt base causing great anticipation. The taste didn't quite live up to it. It started off with a slight fruit malt taste and followed up with a nice little bitterness. The feel was medium bodied and slightly dry. This beer for me was too middle of the road. I was looking for something sweet and or tart and would have been happy with something sharp and bitter. What Riggwelter did was promise both and delivered neither. Don't get me wrong it's a solid beer, just not one I would say was in the range of brown ales I'd be looking for."
"A decent ale with interesting spices. Well built as a sipper or to pair with light past or Asian dishes."
"This is a damn fine ale."
"This beer pours a brown/amber color. Quite dark. Very clear still. Large head with big bubbles, but good staying power. The aroma is malty with some alcohol. It's malty and I can see it's in the English style. Lots o blackberry. It doesn't really have much in the way of roasted or burnt flavor, but there is a mild astringency. Also a wineyness, which is strange for this abv. The beer is light to medium bodied with a dry finish. Overall, the wineyness and astringency aren't strong, but enough for me to beer hunt elsewhere."
"However, since this pours to nearly a full imperial pint, one is gladly enough. And a slow drinking of it really give it a chance to warm - both physically and its charm on the drinker."
"If it were available more readily in this region, Riggwelter would surely become a more regular session ale for me"
"This is a very drinkable beer. If I could find this in 12oz bottles (I imagine it'd be cheaper then) I'd have several. This only recently showed up here in Spokane, so I hope it doesn't leave just as quickly."
"Black Sheep brews delicious, interesting beer. Although this one is on the lighter end of the brown ale spectrum, it has character and depth to burn. Who says that beer has to saturate one's taste buds with big, bold flavor to be enjoyable? Riggwelter Yorkshire Ale puts the lie to that notion after the first sip."
"(500 ml bottle, bought in Denmark). Beautiful dark reddish brown colour, large head. Fine aroma of oak, toffee, dark chocolate and Colombian coffee beans. Full malty flavour with a little alcoholic bite, but not too much. Roasted notes, hints of English liquorice, bitter dark chocolate and smoke. The long aftertaste has strong black coffee notes with a hoppy bite. This is a first class beer! You’ll need more than one to make you a ""ryggvelter", though. Baaah!"
"The bottle has a great label, detailing the word ""riggwelter," which is really rather comical. This Yorkshire ale looks heaven-sent sitting in the glass: thick, almost unmoveable cream-with-brown patches head; creamy, puffy, and everything a head should be on a good strong ale. As solid and smooth looking as thick caramel icing on a cake. Deep hues of coppery red, amber/maple syrup, rust, with the solid look of a glittering precious stone. I cannot imagine many other beers that fit the word ""ale"" in appearance so exceptionally. The aroma at first smote me with spicy nuttiness, creamy coffee, bitter baker's chocolate, raisins and dates and even cinammon. Behind the frontal aroma there is a noticeable aged leather smell, or meat, with chemical-like pungency. Also some saltiness, and a sweeter pepper, perhaps cayenne. The aroma is similar to some good British stouts, but not as a strongly burnt or chocolate/coffee-filled, which pleases me personally. This manages to combine a hearty, robust and spicy stout aroma with the milder, more fruity sweet brown ales. Throughout two or more glasses of Riggwelter, you will never bore of the aroma, that is certain. The taste is nicely grainy at first, with some caramel and/or crystal malt giving some sweetness, but quickly the darker malt and strong hop bitterness assert themselves, leaving a pleasantly dry palate. Very well balanced, with the malt only subtlely more powerful. Syrup, oats, molasses, some alcohol, raisins, rich coffee--but all these less bold than in a stout, and it constitutes this beer far more drinkable. Leather tastes, salt, and a hop character felt more by its dryness than its taste. Smoked and meaty sometimes. Mouthfeel is full, though not so heavy, with low carbonation, leaving little gaseous feel. Though strong and filling, it passes through the mouth quite easily: nicely drinkable on a colder autumn or winter night."
"A tasty all round good brew well balanced flavors, a beer that would go well for most every purpose."
"I’m raising this Yorkshire Brew to my dearly beloved ‘Yorkshire Wife’, and all my Yorkshire Mates and Yorkshire folk worldwide. “Sup up Wazzacks!!!”"
"I'd certainly give this one another shot."
"An impressive creation. Like a hoppier Brown Ale / Old Ale cross."
"From a stout 16.9 oz bottle, it's a nice brown with a fairly thick off-white head that leaves lace. The smell is toffee sweetness with enough hop bitterness to make things interesting. Toffee sweetness is also pronounced in the taste, with jus a trace of spiciness and even a hint of mint. Again, the hops make their presence known in the taste. It's quite drinkable and a nice find. Thanks to LBB for advising me to pick this one up in an off-the-cuff call to his office from the beer shop. Cheers."
"All in all, i am very impressed by this beer, a bold dark flavor that goes places most don't."
"Deep clear light brown color, beautiful off white creamy head that leaves good lacing in my glass. Light malty caramel smokey aroma, sweet nutty and smokey flavors. Medium bodied with a nice rounded soft mouthfeel, some dryness in the lasting finish, I like this one."
"This is a nice pint of bitter. There is a sharpness to it at first that is somewhat unpleasant, but it mellows by midsip, letting its malt backbone expose itself ever so briefly, before the hops return for a finishing powerful blow."
"Pours a dark ale ambber color with a nice fluffy off-white head. English in flavor with a suprising hop bite back on my own nose and lips. Not quite as smooth as I'd like this one to be. I bet on cask this is a knockout though. Solidly drinkable despite severial obvious faults!"
"Bottle: This one is a reddish-brown color. There was a bit of a tight tan head (small bubbles) to it also. A fair amount of lacing down the glass. Roasted aroma with some fruit notes to it. Maybe even a bit yeasty. Roastiness to the taste, with a bit of a sweetness. Hints of coffee and fruits. Very Nice!"
"16.9 ounce bottle."
"A nice session ale if you want something dryer and more robust than a pale ale, but not as dark and dry as a stout. It is OK, but not one of my favourites."
"After warming a bit, this beer reminded me more and more of a Samuel Smith (porter, stout). Similar, almost cherry-like flavor. Very much in the English ale style, somewhat dry and subtle. Quite dark, seemed a bit carbonated at first. Settled into a very smooth, creamy ale. Nice head and significant lace. The only drawback is the price (I paid over $4 for a pint). Good enough to have again."
"nice and dark, almost molasses in color. Vanilla and saddle leather nose. Frothy head which leaves tightly knit lacing. Lovely malt character, smooth and toasty,,, nice mellow and balancing hops, finishing with a dry hoppy glow. Good, classy brew I'm quaffing here, worth seeking out and trying."
"The beer pours a translucent dark brown color with a thick creamy off-white head. The aroma is good. It smells like a bitter brown ale. It has a bitter smell with the addition of crystal and roasted malts. The taste is decent. It is extremely bitter with a dark malt palate. It has a dry, but creamy finish. The mouthfeel is good. It is a full bodied beer with adequate carbonation. This is a fine ale. It drinks well; a good sessions beer."
"Definitely a brew that improved as it warmed. Had a very nice amber appearance with a decent head. Smell initially was faint on the malt, but as it warmed it had a rich malty nose that was very nice. Taste had a hint of apple?. Initially sweet in taste it had a decent bitter hop finish. Not an overly crisp mouthfeel, but interesting enough to be pleasant on the palate. Could have been a bit bit smoother on the drinkability side, but still improved with warming."
"Why does the smell of this beer remind me of doing hot knives in somebody's basement? regardless, it's a good memory and a good smell too. One that felt like it was rolling around in my nose. The head poures well and when tipped the beer leaves nice lacing 'round the glass. For me the beer started malty with a nice round flavour that even hinted at a plummy/dark fruit taste that i quite enjoyed. As is the case with most strong english ales i''ve tried it finished with a hoppy bite that i've always described as metallic. I would certainly drink this beer again and maybe accompany it with a hot knife just to prove my nose right."
"With a copper color, tending toward brown, this beer is clear with a creamy off-white head. Settles into considerable and very pretty lace, with a thin stable, wispy head. Roasted and toasted barley. Earth-like aroma mixes with faint floral hop smells. Occasional ester aromas as well. Taste is grainy and faintly resinous. Hints of apples and vanilla. Dry and mildly bitter finish. Medium body and a tad astringent. English character throughout. This is a very tasty beer…enjoyable, moderately complex, and easy to drink..….I’d certainly have it again."
"Seems to be a porter to me. It looks great with a nice head, dark red color, and lacing that travels all the way down the glass. There is a hint of vanilla in the taste that is usually good but can be irritating at times. Overall, it is a smooth and well-balanced beer. It is easy to drink, but I don't think I would have more than one or maybe two in one night."
"this beer poured a dark, coffee brown with a real nice creaamy light tan head. The head satyed a while and there was some nice lacing down the side. The label said to serve cool and the first few mouthfuls were very refreshing with toasted and burnt malts flavors dominating. The beer was sweetish on the tounge, with good spice flavors lingering in the gums. As the beer warmed, the sweetness gained strenght as did the chocolate flavors. The last mouthful was different from the first, almost as if the beer matured from a cold quaffing ale to a more comples sipping ale as the pint wore on. All in all a nice yorkshire ale that I would enjoy again"
"Source: Liquid Solutions"
"Feels deep and smooth. Medium bodied and a frothy afterfeel. This ale has an ease to it that is exceptional. A very laid back ale."
"Overall a very enjoyable Yorkshire Ale."
"This is the first Dark Ale that I’ve tried. It seemed to be a decent middle ground between a brown ale and a porter. Not my favorite, yet enjoyable and quite drinkable."
"Dark copper color that was very clear, big white head, lace sheeted my British pint glass. Malty aromas wafted up from the glass. Very fruity tones with a long dry slighty bitter finish. Very cask like and drinkable. Despite liking this beer just fine I suspect it could have been even better. I could not tell if the freshness date was ""bottled on"" or ""best before"" If it was best before it really could have been better. (april 03) Nice brew."
"Poured a walnut brown that, held up to the light, is shot through with amber/gold. Ripe, fruity aroma. Lots of caramelized malt and yeast fruit flavors. The malt had a sweet, roasted character that was unique, like toffee that had almost been allowed to scorch before being taken off the heat. There was a slight tang at the end that flirted with being metallic, but not quite. This went away as the beer warmed and sweet malt replaced some of the tart notes. Ripe, almost overripe, apple notes emerged when the beer was quite warm. I closed my eyes and could imagine myself in a pub."
"Sometimes you just need a basic English ale -- and this fits the bill nicely. Not overly complex, the flavors a little of the sloppy malt variety with hints of chocolate, soot, and wafers. The initial aromas are wet, slightly floral, and some burnt chocolate. The body is a little thin for what looks like a meaty brew."
"It poured a nice reddish copper in color and with very little to no foam or lace. The smell and taste was just like a Scotish Ale and I'm not overly impressed with Scotish Ale. So the taste was below average. I thought I could taste a sort of vinyl flavor to this brew. I'll pass on this style of beer!"
"The beer pours with an off white head that leaves a good lace. Dark ruby red color. Starts and finishes with a mix of malts and hops. The porter style is here but it is a mild version. Don't let the wierd label with a helpless black sheep throw you - its a good ale. 500ml is $4.29."
"On second thought, I have needed help getting up off my back a few times."
"Taste is good, malt feels dominant, flavor is full, rich, delicious. Good texture and body, wholly satisfactory. I liked this beer, in a generous 16.9oz. serving, all the way down. One of the best brown ales,( or is it ""porter, robust/baltic""?) I've had in a while, and a delightful surprise. Horray for uglyradio, who sent it out to me."
"Ed's Note: I was really surprised this one fit into the Robust Porter Category. It lacked any chocolate flavors that I usually associate with Porters. Also it was lighter bodied, and more in line with a dark ale, or maybe a scotch ale. Tasted like a barleywine or scotch ale, but lacked the warming abv. Very interesting, unique, flavorful beer and worth a try."
"Rich ruby-brown/mahogany color. Creamy head. Toasted grain, bordering on dark roasted malt, fruity (concord grapes) aroma. The aromas are further defined with the first sip. The flavors consist of a blend of caramel, toffee, chocolate, coffee and dark ripe fruits. Alcohol is underlying, providing a subtle warming. Hops provide a leafy character and a dry snap. Mouthfeel is medium-full with moderate carbonation. I'm particularly fond of these type of English ales...brilliant. I'd stop short of catagorizing this as a robust porter, but no points off here, this is a fine brew."
"Wow what a quality made yorkshire ale,nice chesnut hue witha a good rocky head.Good medium body with a nice almost rich malty flavor,good sour tinge to finish it off.First Black Sheep ale I have had the pleasure to try looking forward to many more.I will be sure to get this again."
"500 mL bottle. Impressively thick and rocky head in a light beige (more annoying than impressive as I poured hard expecting a thin head, but it would have been great from a normal pour). Dark, slightly murky brown, with garnet tinges. An expressive aroma, some malts and fruit. The flavour is something, though. Early currants and blackberries, moving to heavier fruits like dark plums (like a plum pudding), following through with a slightly sour finish. GWAR has a good word for this: Sexcellent! Absolutely Fabulous (wait, why did I reference that, I never liked that show...)"
"The beer poured a very dark choclate looking color with a average head. Had a sort of burnt coffee aroma to it. The taste was hard for me to put a finger on but I would say roasted malt with a hint of coffee. Even though not very high in alcohol I could taste it. This beer went down very well but not as good as others from this brewery that I have tried.............CHEERS"
"Ruby red body topped by a huge frothy, rocky, sticky beige head. Awesome lacing. This does not look like a porter. Of course, the bottle doesn't say it's a porter. But it is classified on this site as a porter. The beer certainly smells like a porter. Nose is coffee and liquorice. Taste adds butter notes, and dash of hops to the coffee and candy. Creamy mouthfeel. Hell of beer, whatever style it is."
"A fine dark ale to say the least, complex without taking away from drinkability. Went well with apple wood smoked turkey breast."
"Slightly hazy, dark reddish-amber body.  Thick cream colored head that kind of gave the appearance of a float.  Rich roasted barley aroma with a hint of smoke.  Subdued earthy hops smell also detectable.  Nice malty flavor with perhaps a bit of a chocolate taste.  Earthy hop taste also present, adding balance to the brew.  Overall, a pretty solid English ale.  Definitely something to try if available, but not necessarily to seek out."
"Pretty nice stuff, a lot more character and a little more elegant than their other brews, nice roastiness and maltiness, medium bodied, light hop bitter finish, not mind blowing, but  certainly nice."
"Regardless ... a really decent brew from the UK, not exceptional, just classic of the style with all of the traditional flavours. Good drinkin' here."
"Nose of coffee, with nice long lasting head. steady carbonation, even long after being poured.  Served cool, this beer is rigged and mighty tasty.  Malty, roasty with a complex hop finish."
"Label claims this beer's name is derived from lazy English sheep or something. Pours a deep mahogany with a creamy bone white head that leaves a sticky lace. Really nice looking brew! Nose of coffee, raisin and fruit. Malty, roasty and complex finishes tasty English hop and lip smacking good. Awesome beer! Highly recommended."
