review_text
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"D: A good Belgian ale. Swirl the bottle because there is some yeasty sediment on the bottom of this brew, which was a definite suprise to me. This is unbeatable for the price. I would absolutely pick up a case of this..."
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"O: well, a decent and economical departure from your typical American beer, but a not a strong rendition of a ""Belgian ale"""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"It's a pleasant surprise to get a decent Belgian style ale from a seasonal mix of beer. I wasn't expecting anything this good."
"D - This is a fairly average version of the style not the best one out there but its still drinkable worth checking out sometime if you like the style"
"A Belgian-style beer from New York? Will wonders never cease? Tee-hee. This one pours a somewhat hazy tawny amber with over a finger of white frothy head. An average bit of lacing is eventually formed. The smell is rich in cloves, bananas, Belgian yeast, and nutmeg. The flavor profile is similar, with some spices (clove, nutmeg, cinnamon, pepper) balanced out by some banana, Belgian notes, and a tiny bit of diluted bitterness. It's all generally good, but somewhat watered-down or something. I dunno. The body is a light medium, with moderate carbonation and a watery, slightly oily feel. Overall, an average Belgian-style brew, but drinkable nonetheless."
"Copper in color. The head on this beer was kinda small compared to other Belgians I've had. The biggest scent I'm getting is of that Belgian yeast. It's a pretty good beer. It has some malt and hop flavor but the main aspect is the drier flavor produced by the yeast."
"Hazed, honey copper with a finger of creamy tan foam. Not much in the nose here, light toasted grain and spice. Caramel and green apple with some Belgian spice and a nice hop bitterness. Medium light bodied with high carbonation. A good ale, just not a good example of the style."
"Drinkability: I would characterize this as a dumbed-down Trappist, but it still is rather enjoyable; in fact, I was surprised at how good it is"
"A fine effort by Saranac with this one... :)"
"Mouthfeel is clean and dry and carbonation is lively. Not bad for a brewery that doesn't do many belgian styles."
"Overall this was very, very solid indeed. One of the finest little Belgian ales I have had in a long time. Seems to have had just the right amount of hops for me and the delicate kick in the end was just what I needed. Very, very well done."
"My pour erupted in just over a finger of explosive ecru head that sank like Atlantis. Color was a slightly hazy orangish-amber. Oooh, I liked the nose - very clove, definitely a product of their yeast. Also, some ginger. Say, I just went down this road recently with Thirsty Dog's Twelve Dogs of Christmas Ale. Mouthfeel was medium-to-full with a nice spiciness, like cinnamon, ginger, clove, and orange zest on the tongue. It was like potpourri in a bottle! The finish was pleasantly dry and I even got the bottle to give up a little bit of sediment. Tasty, but not necessarily my bag, unless with somebody who digs this sort of thing - the aforementioned Old Lady."
"This was easily the best beer produced by Matt Brewing of the 13 varieties I have sampled. Granted, it's not some exotic, nearly impossible to obtain, trappist monk's brew; but I think the brewers have done a nice job with the beer and accomplished it inexpensively."
"Cheers!"
"D: It's a little...how do I say...*clean* for my Belgian-style tastes. But, I'm glad that American brewers like FX Matt are experimenting with this style. This makes a good session ale in a Belgian vein, for when one wants those two worlds to combine. And, with that Belgian yeast and mellow hopping, it's a great companion for mealtime."
"While this isn't an elite brew, its not bad either... Simple and easy... Fairly tasty... One of the better from the Sampler pack in my opinion..."
"Drinkability: Fun to find in a mixpack and great as one off brew for brewer experimenting with a Belgian style however there's really high standards to compete with. This being the end of the mixpack and my final brew. I have to say I'm probably not returning to Saranac's brews anytime soon. All that I've tried including this one fit the style but just barely. Still though glad I tried them."
"D: I was suprised how much I enjoyed this one, and even with it's slightly above average ABV, this could be a session brew, no problem. Light, good tasting, not too cloying make this simple, yet tasty brew a cheap alternative to the originals, which are superior, but certainly a major hit in the wallet."
"The beer pours a medium golden with a nice bit of white head that laced until the end. The aroma was pretty much malt, sugar, and a bit of alcohol burn. A very pleasant rich malt taste up front with some sugar to it, then a nice alcohol burn to the finish. The feel is heavy, smooth and a bit oily. A real pleasant try at the style, it's pretty straightforward, and could be one you'd drink several of."
"Pours a clear orange color with an offwhite head more than 2 fingers strong. Lacing all over the glass as the head receeds. The usual belgian aromatics are present: clove, spice and the tail end of the nose includes some hop character. Taste of the beer has the clove and spice in the front, which was led on by the nose and finishes with some hop bitterness. I am dissapionted in the carbination as it is nearly flat with a medium/light feel."
"My final new beer from my Saranac Beers of winter. Poured from a 12 ounce bottle. Pours out a reddish, copper color. Very thin creamy head. Fruity, cherry almost cough syrup type smell. Fruit-like yeast flavors. Some malty flavor is evident. Mouthfeel is okay. Not a bad offering for a Belgian Pale Ale."
"heck, i'd drink several of these....not quite session with it, but again, this whole winter pack is a session unto itself. so far, not a bad bottle in the box..."
"I won't take this over a Pranqster, but I rather liked it."
"Very drinkable but maybe limited to two in a sitting."
"D - Not really anything to write home about, but not bad...especially if you like your Belgians on the hoppier side."
"Overall, a decent interpretation of a Belgian ale. Could use some more alcohol to really let the flavors develop. Also the hop bitterness is too strong for the style IMO."
"D- Alright, but this is a beer to have one or two of at a time. No more."
"Not a bad attempt here by Saranac. A belgian style ale that is decent for the style. Rather impressive."
"Dark amber appearance with decent lace. Smell is weak, but of spices typical of Belgian beers. The taste is better than most reviews give it credit for. It tastes wheaty and spicy, with fruit undertones; a bit more witte or weisen than Balgian Ale, but still good."
"Drinkability: I think this one is a dud. Not as exciting as the other beers in the box."
"Poured into a pilsner style glass. Dark hazy amber color with a nice head and great lacing. Can smell some of the spices. Thought the taste was a little lacking, not as flavorful as I had hopped. Very bitter aftertaste to it. Overall it was drinkable but in the Saranac Winter sampler pack thought this the weakest of the 6 offered."
"A confusing cross between a Belgian Pale and a watered-down, bland American depiction... Nothing special about this European wannabe... Flavor complexity was non-apparent... Slights hints of honey were present but struggled to be noticed... I was not particularly impressed..."
"D - Refreshing and clean, but a little simple overall."
"M/D - Mouthfeel is a bit weak for my tastes, but it certainly doesn't have any bad qualities to it. This really shines in drinkability, this is a very easy drinker, goes down smooth and quickly with a decent taste. Considering I bought the 12 beers of winter specifically to try this and the Rye IPA, I don't feel too bad for the purchase."
"D - Very drinkable, very comfortable, smooth-drinking brew from the people at Saranac. Ahhh, the 12 Beers of Winter."
"T- Has a pearish, fruity taste to it. It's definitely sweet, but not overly. It's definitely a fall/winter brew. Different. Solid."
"Cheers!"
"Drinkability: next!"
"D: Okay. Not a great version of the style, but one of the better Saranc beers."
"Overall, a decent beer. Some characteristics are really pretty nice. Others are not great."
"Overall, when I read the bottle I thought it was going to be a darker Belgium style, so when it poured light I was surprised. Not a bad beer at all. Glad I got to try this one. Thanks Jason!"
"Overall, definitely tastes like a Belgian beer but it is just not a well done Belgian beer. Good effort, but a bit unbalanced. Refreshing if only having one or two beers for sure."
"12oz bottle purchased as part of a seasonal 12-pack at Shaw's in Windham, NH. Pours a hazy amber-orange body with nearly two inches of off-white head that slowly dissipates leaving some lacing. Smells citrussy, pithy, with come toffee and butterscotch notes, some spice... Reminds me a lot of Brooklyn Local 1 in the aroma. Tastes pithy and citrussy with some nut, grain, caramel, with strong hints of pineapple. Tasty but slightly astringent (though only slightly), which hurts the drinkability slightly. Medium bodied with moderate to high carbonation, which is characteristic for the style. Not as drinkable as some examples of the style, but pretty drinkable nonetheless. A decent stab at a Belgian beer."
"D- One is enough. Not a bad beer, but a shadow of what its trying to be. Still, for Saranac, solid, and can't beat the price."
"Cheers"
"D. A real good brew for the style, authentic taste. Nice balance, a very refreshing brew."
"I'd have to just put this one down in the ""its just okay"" category. Good beer in a pinch."
"A good start but doesn't finish the trip to Belgium. Pass on this one."
"D - All and all a pretty damn drinkable and delicious beer, especially considering the price (like 10 bucks for the twelve pack of winter brews). A thicker body and a better head retention and this could be a solid Belgian. Saranac seems to make quite impressive season beers, why the hell aren't their year rounds as good?"
"Pours a copper color. The smell is a little manufactured. It smells of fruit but almost in a cheap way. The taste is the same, hints of fruit and clove notes, but it taste a little cheap. The mouthfeel is a little harsh. Overall the beer is a little bit off, I can't really pinpoint it but just not quiet right. Not one of my favorite saranacs."
"A rather good example of a Belgian-style ale, with quite a bit of that Belgian character. The finish is a bit cloying, though, and things could use a bigger hit of alcohol and better attenuation to give a dryer close, but overall not bad at all, and a nice addition to the winter sampler."
"Drinks alright, not really impressed with this, more ABV & maltyness is in order IMO or more pronounced hop profile, plus just very disjointed. Never really pulls together"
"D: I wasn't expecting a whole lot out of this beer, but I'm actually fairly impressed. It's not an exemplar of the style by a long shot, but it's a good training-wheels beer for someone new to Belgians."
"Drinkability: Eh, I continue to be not blown away by Saranac, and this one's no different. 5.9% is low for a Belgian Pale, perhaps, but that only goes so far in making up for the fact that the beer is just pretty average. There are many Belgian Pales I'd prefer - just ask."
"Props to Saranac (who I consider a ""Jack-of-All-Trades, Master-of-None"" kind of brewery) for a pretty decent effort. Enjoyable and certainly worth every penny I paid and then some."
"D - The strange sourness gets a little tiring, but otherwise this is a solid session brew. Reasonable ABV and carbonation make this easy to drink, and it'd be a decent option if there weren't many real Belgians available."
"This beer is one of the best that I have had from Saranac. Nothing new or incredible for the style, but still a great beer. I could get a case of just this."
"Amber colored beer with a slowly fading head.Aroma is mainly banana.Taste is cloves ,banana and a slight bit of caramel.Overall a decent beer that is refreshing and smooth.This is probably something that should be tried at least once.I most likely would try again!!"
"D- Just not a big fan of that upfront yeast/sour flavor. I would not drink this again, does not seem to have as well balanced a flavor as the description of the style states it shoud."
"D: Tasty, goes down easily, not too filling, mild kick, good representation of style, I wasn't expecting much out of this beer but was pleasantly surprised to find that this is a beer that is worth drinking for a while."
"got this in a saranac winter seasonal 12- pack for 7$ (buy one get one free). poured from a brown 12 oz. bottle into a pint glass. it pours a cloudy dark amber copper color. some creamy looking off white head that has pretty decent retention. crazy bubbles rushing vigorously fast to the top. some nice lacing on the glass as well. the smell is of some nice belgian yeast, bannana, clove, some phenolics, some bubblegum, fruitiness, some candied sugar, some nice malts as well. a little earthy grainy smell as well. the taste is grains, malts, earthiness up front with some nice fruitiness in the middle, finishing with a nice belgian yeast flavor, bannana, clove, phenolics. a slight hop bitterness and sugary in the overall taste as well. a little bit of a dry mouthfeel in the finiash as well. medium bodied, moderate to light carbonation. pretty good drinkability factor with this one, has some of the good tastes of the great belgians out there, just maybe lacking some of the complex flavors, but definately not a bad showing from saranac. most of their beers ive had were just ok to bad, this one i could prolly see myself drinking again, however, i dont think they sell this in 6 packs, you can only get it in the winter sampler 12 pack, and you only get 2 of them. great breakfast beer too, had this one about an hour after i woke up, made me feel great."
"D: This is an alright take on a Belgian style. Certainly drinkable. It's solid, but honestly somewhat forgettable. I'm glad I picked this up on sale in the mixed winter pack."
"A decent beer by Saranac. As usual they do a good job with a basic beer. Kudos to them for brewing so many different styles."
"Bottle poured into a pint glass from a sampler pack. Pours a pale red color. Little head, no lacing. Faint aroma of sweetness and malt. Taste is also sweet and malty. Nothing special. Medium body, smooth finish. Pretty drinkable for a Belgian Ale but nothing to write home about."
"Taste - The taste is an adequate variation on the Belgian recipe with a bold, sweetness and malty mix. A decent balance. Probably the best thing about this beer was the taste, which, of course, is the most important."
"Saranac Belgian Ale pours a copper color with an off white head from a brown twelve ounce bottle. The aroma is similar to a Belgian ale, a bit fruity, some funk and a bit phenolic. The flavor is similar, the fruit reminds me a bit of apricot, there are some caramel flavors that would be out of place in a traditional Belgian, but they don't adversely effect the flavor. Definitely decent, but not necessarily to style."
"This is a buy in my book."
"Drinkability: I think that this is OK for the style. I could drink three or four but not a six. I think Saranac does produce better beers than this offering."
"Smells like band aids, spices, caramel malt, and herbal hops. The appearance is amber with a small but foamy head. The flavor is like the aroma but very much like a Belgian light. The palate is thin but smooth. Overall this is definitely a half hearted attempt at a Belgian ale but not a bad one at that."
"D - This is a pretty good tasting Belgian style ale. It really surprised me as one of the best beers from Saranac."
"M/D - fairly dry, and very easy drinking. Nothing outstanding, but a good tasting brew that I could easily drink a few of."
"Mouthfeel/Drinkability- The texture is explosive right out of the gate... almost impossibly rugged... it pinches and attacks the tongue before the beer makes it across the palate. Soon it quiets, but it's just a jumbled circus with all of the conflict. I wanted to love this beer and was ready to sing its praises, but this is simply not a good representation of the style by any stretch."
"4.0 D: This is one of Saranac's better beers, though it's still nothing special."
"Sat this on the kitchen counter for half hour before pouring it into a 12 oz glass, formed a 2 or 3 inch fluffy white head over a dark straw colored, slightly hazy body. The scent has some apple fruitiness to it with almost no hop presence but there's a light sweet alcohol smell in the mix also. The taste is the same but has a little bit of a medicine bite to it. The mouthfeel is full possibly due to a good amount of carbonation. I'd say just average on the drinkability scale, of course I prefer lagers usually and an ale aficionado may rate it higher than I would. Not a bad choice in the mixed Winter pack yet not a great one."
"D - I don't believe this one fits into the Belgian Pale Ale category very well, but it definitely resembles beers produced by the Trappist monasteries. It's a pretty good take for an American brewery. I was pleasantly surprised with this one."
"I'm reading my review, and before it warmed, it sounds almost textbook Belgian Ale. As it warms, it became something entirely different. So while I don't think it's done to form, it's still pretty great. With the amount of Belgian Ales this has to compete with, it's nice that this one is a little bit different."
"Poured a golden brown with a small dirty white head(so to speak). Nose is sweet and has a bit of hop character too. Taste is mildly hoppy with a presence of yeast, clove and a bit of raisin. Ithas a real good spiciness up front. Mouthfeel is good, mediumbodied and not to shabby."
"1st brew from their 12 beers of winter sampler, pour a clear copper color w/ a thin off-white head which dissipates quickly and leaves a decent lacing in my ommegang goblet ; smells like a wit more than a belgian pale, coriander & green fruit prevail, just a hint of nutty caramel malt as well ; taste follows suit, more like a wit, a slightly tart initial flavor, some hop bitterness, more coriander and apples in the taste, a crisp finish ; a dry, light-med body with a decent co2 level ; a quite drinkable brew and a fair attempt at a belgian, tho not a spectacular one by any means..."
"D - A respectable attempt at a Belgian Pale Ale, but far far from best in class..."
"The Belgian ale didn't capture me as much as some of the others in the winter 12 this year. I'm not saying that I didn't enjoy it - its really not a bad beer, I just think something with a heavier mouthfeel and a bit darker would be better for a winter Belgian offering."
"This is an average Belgian, which means that it's a good beer. Try it out. There are better out there of this style, but this is a good beer. I'd take an average Belgian pale ale over an exceptional pilsener any day of the week."
"(rated Dec 22, 2007)"
"3.3/5"
"Drinkability- Good."
"Pours a semi hazy orange brown color with a small white screen of a head atop the brew. For one thing they nailed the Belgian yeast/malt character in the nose, a difficult task many American brewers are unable to be successful at. The nose reminds me more of a Belgian wit than any Trappist ale ive had, lots of banana and clovey spice ester. Sweet caramel malts, bready yeast, peppery spice, aggressive carbonation and semi-sweet semi-bitter semi-spicy hops upon the finish, excellent job by Saranac on this one, im interested to see a few more Belgian styles come out of Saranac in the future."
"Poured out of a bottle into a pint glass. No head or lacing at all.Slight cloudiness but clear amberish color. Lightly carbonated,I did not taste the fruitiness in it but very dank hops and dry malt. A bit on the pricey side at $20.00 for a 12 pack for the winter variety."
"Medium body, with a smooth mouthfeel. This is a nice sipper that could also easily be a daily drinker. Versatile."
"pours a slightly hazy orangish red with an offwhite head that fades to a few patches of lace rather quickly. the smell, is decent, deffinitely a belgian strain of yeast at work, there is a bit of malt in the back as well. the taste provides a nice bit of malt with a spicy finish. the carbonation is thin and effevescent, with the medium body this is a quite drinkable beer."
"Pours a deep orangish red with a nice white foamy head. The smell is extremely strong, but it is descriptive. The smell has sweet notes with banana, some malt, and plenty of yeast. The taste follows suit, very good flavor, not overwhelming. Starts somewhat malty with the sweet flavors, finishes with a strong yeasty flavor. The mouthfeel is good, medium body, ok carbonation. This one is easy to drink, but I doubt more than a few just because the flavor might get to me. But still a good beer, a nice offering from Saranac, worth checking out."
"This Saranac offering pours a medium amber with a slight foamy white head. Little lacing is left on the glass. Its smell is its best characteristic -- floral hops, malty, a hint of wheat -- really beautiful. The taste is sweety & malty, as well as bitter. Not a great session beer due to a tad too much carbonation, but a nice change of pace."
"Drinkability: Sure, you know to dial down the expectations when considering a Matt Brewing Co. brew, but even still, this ale comes up way short. Downhill from the nose, it lacked any substantial character or grace to even sorta quasi-count as an almost Belgian ale."
"Getting repetitive here, but this is pretty light bodied and feels watery, and just isn't all that interesting. It's decent I guess, but not anything worth coming back to or seeking out."
"I'm working my way through the Saranac winter sampler and so far this is my favorite."
"Drinkability: This beer is a real treat! I can now see why this is included in the Winter Pack, it's like liquid banana taffy, with perfect maltiness and a nice hoppy aroma. An excellent twist on the style for sure!"
"very drinkable very sessionable"
"MF&D - A good effort and example of a Belgian Ale. I'm not sure I would seek this one out, but I would drink it again."
"Out of the bottle this beer was a slightly hazy, light amber color with a one-finger head of yellow-tan foam. Good retention, sticky lacing in thin bands. The aroma was sweet, a balance of caramel malt, ripened fruit and some toffee. The first note that hit my tongue was a nip of bitterness soon followed by a generic maltiness and a yeast twang. As the beer warmed underlying flavors of ripened fruit began to appear. Though it did have layers each one seemed ill-defined and nothing stood out. The mouthfeel, carbonation and body were all medium. A medium beer."
"The drink is light-medium in body with zippy carbonation. Nicly drinkable."
"D - An ok beer. The flavors are sort of all over the place and there isn't the harmonious blend one would expect, but there's nothing terrible about this beer either. A decent American stab at a Belgian, though a bit of a one-and-done for me."
"Pours a hazy golden orange color with a huge white head that sticks around until the end and laces nicely. Smells very sweet, a little skunked. Seems like its trying to mimic a belgian double or tripel. A sweet fruity malty taste, almost a little sour. The aftertaste doesn't sit so well. A good crisp drink, somewhat clean. It just doesn't come together"
"D: Solid. Easy to drink."
"It's alright as a beer, but it's hard to try to mimic a centuries-old brew and this one misses the mark a bit."
"Pulled this one out of a 12 pack sampler I bought for the wife. Poured into a pint glass. Color is amber, with a moderate head that settles very quickly. Leaves a bit of lace on the glass. Smells of fruit (grapefruit), with a hops, cloves and spices. Not really what I'd expect for this style though. The taste is similar to the smell...fruit, cloves and hops. Bitterness follows, with a nice aftertaste. Medium bodied mouthfeel with noticable carbonation. It drinks well, I enjoyed it, and I'd drink more, but I've certainly had better Belgian pale ales."
"This beer poured a reddish copper with a two-finger beige head. The smell is bready with some maltiness characteristic of the style. The taste starts off with some sweet caramel malt that gives way to a very pronounced earthiness, almost to the point of tasting a little like dirt. The ending is mostly yeast with a bit of apple. The mouthfeel is pleasantly thick with a fair amount of carbonation. This is by no means a difficult beer to drink, but I'm not sure if I would want more than one at a time."
"D: There is a lot of flavor here for 5.9% ABV. This is like a mix of belgian pale/dark/saisons ale. Nothing wrong here but nothing that makes it stand out."
"D: Nothing terribly wrong, but not really a very good representation of the style."
"Pours a light amber-brown color with a light head that disipates quickly. Aroma is sweet yeasty smell with a subtle resemblance to an actual Belgian ale. Flavor has light fruity flavors with a slightly bitter finish and aftertaste. I'm not terribly impressed."
"This was certainly a weird one. I'm not too sure what was Belgian about this one. Had a very hoppy aroma but not a very hoppy taste. Tastes of some mixed fruit flavors with some other flavor I can't my finger (tongue) on. Just a little too out of balance for me, would pass on this in the future."
"Pours a hazy light brown color with a moderate head, although that fizzles down rather quickly. Aroma is slightly creamy and yeasty with some sweet fruity notes. More of the same in the flavor, not overly full of flavor but there's some there. Not one of Saranac's best but not a bad beer either. Slightly sour and bitter aftertaste."
"Found one of these in the back of the fridge left over from a winter sampler. Poured into a pint glass the beer pours a nice reddish golden hue with a good 2 finger head that quickly dissipated. This particular bottle had the taste of a rusty bottle cap but this may have been entirely my fault since I had left it sitting around so long. It's an average tasting beer, nothing to rave about but I'm also not going to go out of my way to go and buy more."
"Pours a medium copper with a very nice pillow head. Smell is mainly grassy hops. Taste is not spectacular. Starts with a sweet malty presence with a decent hop finish. Mouthfeel is overall nice and crisp. Drinkability is fine, smoothness is above average."
"Saranac Belgian Ale is not a good Belgian ale, but it is pretty good beer and is one of the few TMBC products that I would consider drinking a second time. The brewers seem to have put a little more thought into this one. And it shows."
"It has a thin off white head over an amber color brew that looks to have to have been filtered. The aroma has a definite Belgian malt and yeast character that I like. Its flavor is very malty and sweet with some classic Belgian yeast and fair amount of hops that give it some citrus and bitter notes. The palate is medium bodied with a nice smooth texture and carbonation. Overall it's not as complex as other Belgians but it is still a decent brew."
"drinkability - It was an ok average beer I think, have had better, worth a try though."
"Last of the winter sampler, and I saved this for a contemplative moment, as Saranac doesn't strike me as a brewery able to take on this complex a brew... medium golden-brown body with a frothy, swiftly-thinning off-white head...fruitiness apparent enough to counter-balance the yeast--so far, so Belgian...dry, yes-- oily, oh no! slides erroneously off tongue; effervescent and active body is too malty to be representative of the genre, I believe.... esthers and grapefruit tastes... not tart, however--remains grounded with malt again... in a way I find difficult to describe, the body is too small and the taste paradoxically is too big... light in alcohol and odd body equals a beer that's fun to sample but not up to the style's expectations..."
"D: Not a bad change of pace. I got it as part of a winter sampler case, although, I probably wouldn't buy this again."
"As to drinkability, IMHO, it hasn't. I've had Belgians that were more interesting (even tho it's not my preferred style), and I must confess to a long-standing suspicion of Saranac's offerings. For me it seems they consistently miss the mark and end up impressing me as sort of coarse immitations of the beers they aspire to being. Oh, I'll finish this ale, but I'm not converted to a Saranac lover by it. Seems to me there are much better representatives of the style available than this."
"D= drinkable if you're in the mood"
"In the end, this was a fairly good brew overall and a decent stab at the style from Saranac. There are plenty of other Belgians that I'd gran before this one, but it works well in the mix packs that I prefer to buy when buying Saranac as you get a ton of variety and most if not all usually work. Worth a try for sure."
"The look of the beer is great for a pale ale, but the mix of flavors is not very appetizing."
"I enjoyed this one. I was actually surprised by what a good job they did with their interpretation of this style. Not the best American take on a Belgian Pale Ale, but a pretty decent beer and might serve as a good introduction for some."
"Not bad but nothing i would seek out again."
"D: O.K. It was part of a mixed twelve and I probably won't be looking to get my hands on any more."
"d: easy...I recommend adding the yeast to the pour"
"Drinkability: Very nice. I think this beer is as good as many other Belgian Ales out there. Lots of great attributes across the board. I got this beer in a winter sampler, but it would be an awesome session beer if it was available in cases. Maybe it would cost below $20. Could be one of the best deals out there. Try it."
"Pretty good beer."
"Served in a standard pint glass. Poured a copper/amber color with a foamy white head that left a thin, consistent skim of foam and rings of lacing during the tasting. Scents of belgian yeast, malt, corriander and hops. Taste similar to nose. Lively mouthfeel and crisp, floral/hoppy finish. Not a bad tribute to the belgian pale ale style and the best brew in the 12 beers of Xmas sampler in my opinion. I think I'll have another."
"I'd say this is one of the best Saranac beers I've tried and I'd love to have it again. It's not over powering, a mild drinker and might be a bit better if served warmer."
"D: Drinkable? Yes. Craveable? No. Won't turn a free one down, but won't go out of my way to buy again."
"Feels fizzy on the tongue, but creamy at the swallow. Has a thin, smooth coating. A very nice brew. Spicy, sweet, roasted; overall nicely balanced. Repeats A-OK."
"Pours a clear golden amber in color with about a finger of head with fairly low retention. Smell is pleasant and fairly mild. Mostly malty with some subdued hoppiness and some restrained esters. Taste is malty and estery, namely bananas, but also a bit metallic and just a bit funky with a bit of hop bitterness in the finish. Good mouthfeel, medium-light in body with low-moderate carbonation lends a bit of creaminess to the finish. Drinkability is ok. The metallic taste really puts me off this beer. If not for that flaw in flavor I believe that I would have enjoyed this brew considerably more. Overall this was pretty solid, with the one noted exception."
"Went quite nicely with a grilled brie and anjou pear sandwich on Tuscan wheat bread."
"Saranac Belgian Ale crisp taste soon disappears for an awkward aftertaste. Overall, I enjoyed trying this beer, but a try is about all I would suggest."
"This one wasn't all that bad, but the flavors I look for (fruity esters) were muted, allowing the flavors I don't want (phenols) to show. Not recommended."
"Pours a ruby-amber color, with a short lasting white head. Yeasty aroma. The flavor isn't bad; nice attempt at a Belgian, although it doesn't quite match up to the real deal or some of the better North American attempts. Flavor is malty, with a little bit of sweetness and a touch of hops in the tail end. Fairly drinkable at 5.9%. Not exactly a great attempt at a Belgian pale, but drinkable."
"Poured with a slightly murky amber appearance and thick head. Smells of spices and malt permeate this one and small hunts of fruit. The taste is pretty good with a sweet, malty structure but it feels a little water down. Carbonation is pretty good though and saves it from being too thin. A really sweet pale and probably my first Belgian pale ale; I cannot wait to try more."
"Part of the 12 Beers of Winter pack. Pours a red-amber with a 1/4 inch head that rapidly drops. Lots of carbonation rising from bottom of glass; a highly-carbonated beer. Yeast aroma. Crisp mouth feel. Spicy flavor but nothing distinctive. Slightly bitter, medicinal. Not a bad beer, but not one I’d necessarily do back for."
"Decent amber coloring with a very nice head and great lacing. Has a nice hoppy aroma, as well as a nice hoppy/bitter flavor, with good aftertaste. Nothing great really sticks out, but it's a nice clean and crips drink that goes down very easily. I would try this one again if I had the chance."
"Poured a deep red amber into a nonic, with a half inch of creamy white head. The aroma was fruity and spicy. Hints of cloves seemed to permeate the smell. It tasted complex, smokey and spicy. A heavy, slightly gritty feel in the mouth. I couldn't drink many of these, but a few would be good. A surprising brew from the winter 12-pack, but not too special"
"I'm glad I tried this one and that Saranac actually brewed something that doesn't taste like it HAD to have been brewed by Saranac, if you know what I mean."
"12 ounce bottle, part of the Saranac 12 beers of winter pack. Served in a Sam Adams BL glass, the beer pours a clear copper color with a half-inch off-white head. Lacing and head retention is average. Aroma is nice, it smells spicy/earthy and sweet, like caramel malt, wheat, nutmeg and lemon. Taste is similar to the aroma, it does taste a bit earthier than it smells. Mouthfeel is light/medium, has some moderate zippy carbonation and it's not watery at all. Drinkability is good, it's nice and crisp and easy to drink. Overall I think it's a pretty decent brew, I'd definitely drink this again."
" this is a mediocre American effort of the style but the decent malt flavor and nicely balanced fruitiness makes this not exactly difficult to drink."
"Pours a clear light copper. Medium to large head. Nice lacing. Aroma is mild spicy and earthy. Taste is slightly caramelly malt. Light fruit notes, spicy and earthy. Similar to a Belgian amber beer I brewed a few months ago. Medium mouthfeel and well carbonated. Fairly drinkable. Overall this is a pretty decent American Belgian-style beer."
"Pours a nice pale gold color with a frothy head and some lacing. Aroma is nice and malty, spicy and much like a Belgian pale ale would be like. The yeast characteristics aren't too bad. Taste is full of raisin and spice upfront and fades to a thin aftertaste. A second sip confirms much of the same except that the aftertaste is actually nice and dry like a pale ale. So far, so good. As said with many other Saranac beers, it's a good introduction to the style but again, that watered-down taste has to go."
"Imagining it would be best on tap, although with the other beers brewed by saranac, I would be drawn to some of their many other strong offerings. Although a good effort, Belgian is not their specialty."
"Thanks JB."
"Well, it may not be drain pour, but close. An attempt at a Belgian that just doesn't work, IMO."
"12oz bottle. Pours a clear light gold with abundant carbonation. Quite a nice aroma - a bit spicy - smells like a wheat beer. In fact, it tastes quite a bit like a wheat beer as well, with a bit of extra spice. Not that there's anything wrong with that! This is actually a rather nice beer - and I'm surprised to find myself saying that about Saranac."
"this is a very fragrant beer, with a nice look to it as well. there is fruit in the nose, maybe a little malt. the tatse is a slightly unbalanced fruity estery beer. there is almost a buttery character to this beer. I must admit im not a huge belgian fan, but i havent had enough to judge tjem yet. This is not the beer that would win me over however. its a good beer, and may be better than i think it is. but i would not count this as great"
"I don't understand why Saranac is so popular!! All of the beers have interchangeable labels!!"
"pours a clear bright copper color with a three finger head that fades quickly to just cover the beer and minimal lace. smell and taste of clove and spices. light mouthfeel, carbonation is ok. taste was ok but one or two would be my limit for this beer at one sitting."
"overall this isnt that bad of a beer but i dont think ill seek this out got it from a friend who had the whole sample pack"
"Beef Notes: Allagash jr."
"Drinkability is, at least for me, nil. I literally sent it down the drain. I hope this proves to be the worst of the 12 pack."
"Pours a clear honey color. Thin head and just a bit of lacing. Not a bad looking beer, but not a Belgian. Smell is of light malts,and spice,with a weak dark fruit sent. Body is on the thin side and carbionated. Taste is Belgian, but just barely. Sweet dark fruit,with a hint of bitterness in the finish. This beer is a weak immitation of this style. Decent,but just barely!"
"Surprisingly better than most of saranac's offerings, this belgian pale does get good marks for its taste and appearance. Slight belgian yeast taste with faint esters, somewhat toned down grainy flavor in the background. Great lacing, and decent mouthfeel. Drinkable for its lack of total flavor- a good version of the classic for those who are scared of the real thing."
"A not too intense Belgium that contained some surprising charachter."
"-Oelergud"
"Reflection: I wouldn't buy this one on it's own, but what the hell it was in the twelve pack."
"Drinkability: not too good. Not worth seeking out."
"D: I'd pass on this one if I had the chance. Drinkable, but kind of lame."
"It's decent. Not great by any means. And definitely not worthy of being called ""trappist style"" as stated on the neck-ring. Wouldn't turn it down if offered, but probably won't actually pay for it again."
"Nothing special. Would work well when paired with a garlic flavored cheese. Another pedestrian offering showcasing the average consistancy of the brewery."
"Not balanced in flavor. The clove flavor runs wild, and creates an annoying mouthfeel. Not a rendition of a Belgian Pale that I enjoyed."
"D: A nice mouthfeel and taste combination made the beer fairly drinkable. The alcohol was well maintained by the taste but also pretty warming. A nice winter beer and a pretty good drinking beer overall."
"Cheers!"
"Got this in the Saranac 12 Beers of Winter Sampler. This was another beer that I was initially afraid of after my experience tasting (and pouring down the drain) Blue Moon’s Belgian White last year. The Saranac Belgian Ale poured deep amber and had a nice lasting head to it. Had a fruity smell. I was hit with the taste of clove and spice when it first hit the mouth (but the spices were not overwhelming) and a medium hops bitterness. I was very pleased with this one."
"Poured a golden brown color with a 1 finger head that disapated rather quickly for a Beligan ale, no lacing noticed. This ale smelled the part of a Beligan, sweet, sugary, spicy. Unfortunately that didn't transfer over to the taste. The taste was watery, a quick sweet spicy shot with a light hop aftertaste. I could drink a few of these but knowing what a true Beligan should taste like, I would stay away from this."
"Re-reviewed on 11/12/09"
"M&D - both mouthfeel and drinkability suffer due to this zealous belgian imitation, however its still a decent brew, its not drain pour by anymeans, it IS a worthwhile addition to the winter 12 pack, however i wouldnt purchase a 6pack of just this"
"A nice stab at a difficult style to duplicate, but leaves me wanting more."
"out of the seasonal sampler. pours amber with tons of bubbles. thin head that doesn't last. i've found myself recently getting into beligians so i tried this one pretty early in the pack. to be honest, i was kind of dissapointed. it looks good, it tastes like a belgian. but it lacks that something else, maybe it's slightly watery ? it tastes like a middle of the road micro with the flavor of a decent belgian. strange but okay."
"12 beers of christmas...except I went and hand picked these from a twelve pack at a mix and match so it's more like sixer for the season of Saranacs that weren't regulars from them. Appears a bright clear amber tone with a large off white biscuit beige head leaves behind nice even lace after the head slowly dwindles away. Aroma has a piney herbal hop heavy iness with cloves and sweet Belgain candi sugar and other notable spiced bready christmas tones. Taste is heavy on the clove iwth bitter tree bark notes kinda tea like with mild caramle seet malts and herbal hop flavors. Mouthfeel is medium bodied wtih slightly rough feel to the palate although carbonation is fine. Drinkability...definitely not a ""trappist"" ale for the record but it was decently complex just lacking some crucial qualities I would expect in any Belgian brew."
"Mouthfeel is a bit thin for my preference, sweet maltiness hangs in there strongly, followed by a bitter finish and lingering sour bitterness. This definitely doesn't have the smoothness of a genuine Belgian ale, something's lacking for sure, not enough complexity is what I am concluding to, with a very annoying aftertaste. The aftertaste alone is turning me off very much; definitely not a preferred Belgian ale for me here."
"Poured a nice rich copper with a tight formed 1/2 finger head that left a trace amount of lace as it settled quickly,peachy and phenolic spiced aromas maybe a hint of green apple skin as well, not to bad.Eh pretty lackluster flavors dominated by phenolic cloviness honestly not much more going on the fruity quality is lacking.A little boring but really not that bad not one to seek out but its in the 12 beers of Xmas pack,a no brainer really."
"D: This is a complete change of pace for Saranac, so they get credit for mixing things up. Despite that, the flavors are a little harsh and not ideal for having a few."
"Had this one from this year's Winter sampler 12 pack, which has just become available in NW CT (Thanks to the Cork in Torrington). So far this is the best of the seasonal offerings of that pack. Given that I have been disappointed in the sampler so far overall (about halfway through it), this is a very pleasant surprise, especially on Turkey Day (Go Cowboys!!). While the color is a bit darker (light brown) than a traditional Belgian, the smell and taste are very good and within the style. Not much lacing, but the initial head is pretty good with some more intense aroma (as it should be) and hangs on for a bit. The aroma is classic banana/clove with some fruity notes. As far as the flavor, it is very good and on style. In fact, it is a bit more subtle than other Belgians I have had made in the USA, which makes it more enjoyable for me. Some peach/fruit with definite malt backbone and just a hint of hop bite on the back of my tongue. Mouthfeel is also good, as the flavors are subtle as noted above. My fave thing is the drinkability--ABV while not listed seems ""controlled"" and the yeast bite is alot more restrained than from other US versions of Belgian ale I have had. A really good Belgian from a NY brewery other than Ommegang--who would have thunk it?? Good job Saranac. Happy T'Day."
"The taste I found to be enjoyable. There's a pear flavor on the front end, almost like a white ale, and then the spices hit toward the finish. There is a slight hop bitterness as well. Mouthfeel is a bit fizzy. The beer isn't too thick or overpowering, making it fairly drinkable. Overall a solid example of the style, although nothing extra special."
"I bought this as a Winter 12 pack...Pours an orangish-brown color with a small head, retention, or lacing (poured from a bottle into a snifter). Has a fairly sweet smell to it. Has a very sweet, fruity taste to it..hint of banana. Fairly mild. Malty. Has a sweet and light feel in the mouth. Overall, a decent beer...if it had better head it would be a pretty good example of the style."
"Pours a clear amber/orange color with a thick head of huge tan bubbles. Spicy aroma. Strong and unmistakably Belgian. Taste is lightly musty with a dominant pear flavor. The hops make an appearance in the aftertaste along with a bready, yeast bite; nice for the style. A solid Belgian pale ale. Nothing fancy, just easy drinking and to style."
"This beer was another surprise from my 12 Beers of Winter variety pack. Being a bit of a German when it comes to malt beverages, I am not a real fan of Belgian beers. Something about the adjuncts and sugar that often create flavors that I don't associate with beer; though I know many BA'ers consider the Belgians as the best brewers in the world. I guess I was thinking ""Abbey de Leffe"" when I saw this bottle; but I was surprised at how much better (IMHO) it seemed to be. Better color, richer taste, but a more balanced (and heavier mouthfeel) beverage. Absolutely loved it. Rich, clear medium-gold color with massive, foamy head that lasted and lasted (and then laced the glass all the way down). The spicy clove/banana hops is present in the smell, but oh so subtle in the taste. Went very well with spicy food. In fact, it would have been great with anything. Smooth, just a bit bubbly gold and not too sweet. Extremly drinkable and one of the few I've enjoyed right down to the last swallow. Exceptional. I think I'll have to make trying Belgians my next big beer tasting adventure."
"The more I drink of this mixed 12 pack, the less I'm liking Saranac. A few of their seasonal beers(notable their Wit) are decent, but this twelve pack is not treating me very well."
"Overall a pretty good Belgian Ale. Good yeast strain made this an above average beer."
"I poured into a glass from a 12 ounze bottle. It was a decent beer, but it wasn't a great copy of a Belgian Ale. It was a bit too malty and sweet. I'm glad I got it in the 12 beers of winter case, because I don't think I could have gone through an entire case. Don't drink and review."
"One of Saranac's better seasonal efforts."
"Pour was cloudy reddish-orange with no head. Smells fruity with a slight bite. Tastes mild and sweet. Leaves very little aftertaste. Very drinkable. However, there is nothing too special about this. I wouldn't avoid this, but I wouldn't make any special effort to drink it again."
"D: Easy to drink. A good college try for the style. Nothing really remarkable about it, but nothing stands out as an obvious flaw, either. I could drink (and enjoy) several of these, but would reach for Ommegang's Rare Vos first. I'm also not rational about Rare Vos (hence the handle), so take that with a grain of salt."
"Overall... not bad. As a standard Belgian pale ale (think De Koninck) this has a lot of character! But it's not a dubbel, which seems to be where it's trying to get to. Accept it for what it is and enjoy it with some mussels and frites!"
"As a relatively light beer, it was moderately drinkable, but it lacks body and any real sustained flavor. Quaff one down when you're thirsty, but if you're looking to really savor a beer, you want to look elsewhere."
"Poured a light copper color with modest white head that quickly dissapeared. No lacing to be found. Smell is slightly yeasty, with a touch of banana, but very light. Taste is pleasantly enjoyable with some spiciness and a little fruit. Hops also show there presence, a bit more than I prefer in this type of beer. Finish is dry, and bot overly nice. A fair try at a Belgian Pale Ale, but too middle of the road for me."
"Pours a two-fingered off-white head that fades quickly leaving some lace. Cloudy amber color. Light carbonation and medium bodied. Nose is not there. Starts as a moderate malt/hop mix with a woody overtone. Hoppy after taste. 12 oz bottle from their winter sampler 12-pak $9.99, Market Basket Concord, NH."
"This beer pours a some what cloudy golden color. The smell is essential absent, there was nothing striking interms of olfaction. The head was minimal. The tatse was refreshing, but as mentioned others it was not far removed from their lager. The mouthfeel was watery. Not a bad beer to refresh youself with, but not worth searching out either."
"I usually enjoy Saranac's offerings, but this brew seems like something they stuck in the holiday pack to finish filling it up - not unlike the way I'm filling up on it now. Only worth a try once..."
"The taste is a little better than the appearance but not by much, the first thing you notice is its watery content then a meagre stab at respectability with its attempt at a smoked hickory flavour."
"This beer was not bad, but with so many other wonderful examples of the style, it makes little sence to drink this unless you are in love with it. Average in all aspects and nothing to seek about. About what I expected from the beer: a middle of the road not too bad, but not too great offering."
"I’d say this Belgian Pale Ale is comparable with second tier beers of the style. I found it plenty drinkable; it has enough flavors to keep me interested. No bad really, I think the food pairings could be quite wide. Flying solo it works too. This offering was part of a 12-beer sampler that I purchased in Lawrence, KS. Very good stuff; try one."
"Another train wreck in the Saranac 12 beers of winter 12 pack. This is my first Belgian Ale and boy was I disapointed. Pours a hazy orange with thick, dense head that quickly dissipated. Fruity, cutrusy aroma. Taste was like Tang, sour and artificial. Maybe someday I will be able to try a true Belgian Ale in SC."
"drinkability is not too bad, reasonably complex with no off flavors to take away. one of saranac's better offerings."
"D - Ugh. I'll pass in the future. I can't think that this would go well with anything. It is easily the worst Belgian I have had to date. Maybe I'd go for it again if I ever have a craving for Cherrios, chalk and bananas, but I'd probably just bust out the blender. 1.5 here because I could actually finish it."
"Pours a very hazy golden copper; due to yeast sediment. Dense two finger head, off-white in color settles over streaming carbonation. Lace is spotty and scarce. The belgian phenolics that the Matt brewing company loves to showcase are very apparent in the nose with some pale malt and ripe fruit aromas just pulling through. Pilsener malt sweet and crisp in the beggining, with an almost lambic taste of sour and tart berry flavor in the aftertaste. Hops are barely present and muted by the sweet and sour flavors that surround it, but it manages a decent balance despite phenols that seem a bit strong for a belgian pale ale. Light bodied and medium carbonation pair with the tart aftertaste for a slightly puckering, yet interesting mouthfeel. The drinkability however suffers from the use of strong phenolics."
"Pours a slightly hazy, dark brownish-amber with a small, off-white, quickly diminishing head. It smells of mild malt and Belgian yeast with a little fruit. The taste is rather bland with some nice flavors in there but nothing really standing out. It has a medium body, watery texture and low carbonation. I feel that Saranac is good at making solid, consistently decent (but not great) beers, but this one falls short."
"Overall = Not the worst in their pack. The taste was average and this is simply an average beer."
"Yeah, well, I'm happy enough that I didn't pay for this and I see why it was left over after the xmas party..."
"Mouthfeel/ Drinkability: The beer is light bodied. The beer has an unfortunate medicinal smell and a astringent after taste. There are better stabs at the belgian style available."
"Drinkability is low because of the flavor that I wasn’t all crazy about"
"All in all its not BAD, its just a very average attempt. Better than any macro, but not on par with any of the originals or many of the micros creating this style."
"Light brown/orange color, thin tan head, no lace. Aroma of yeast, touch of fruit and mild tone of alcohol. Taste is bland, bit musty from the yeast and a mild watery feel. Lacking anything that stands out or worth talking about. This beer never really took of. There are way way better Amercian versions of this style out there."
"THE BLOODHOUND FACTOR: Benji enjoyed his sample. No issues at all, and a clean, dry beer bowl is a sign of a happy dog."
"Pours a nice glowing amber with a finger of off-white head, little retention, a little spotty lacing. Smell is a nice heavy malt with a slight candi sugar note and a slight peppery spiciness. Taste is more of the big malty flavor with a slight sugary taste, a banana/pear fruitiness, and some good yeasty notes. Not terribly complex for a Belgian style ale, but for a typical lackluster Saranac beer, this one really has some great strong flavor. Mouthfeel is medium (as opposed to the thin body I was expecting) as is the carbonation. This is a nice little offering from Saranac, I feel it's the strongest in the holiday park, and I would buy this if they started offering it in 6 packs."
"Maybe its the water up there but something is holding back these outwardly good, inwardly mediocre beers back. Like the Oatmeal Stout, Caramel Porter, and Chocolate Amber, this beer starts strong but can't seal the deal. Not bad but frustrating and a bit disappointing."
"This one is a hazy orange amber color with a puffy head. The aroma is quite phenolic, with a candy and spice character. There’s no question that they’re after a Belgian style ale. The spice smell is framed with an orange/lemon smell and plenty of peppery-ness. There’s also bubblegum and banana thrown in the mix. The taste is sweet and alcoholic. Relatively high carbonation gives the beer a prickly sprtiziness. The whole thing seems a little jumbled, but it’s a pretty good beer. There are plenty of flavors to keep you interested, and the beer is quite drinkable."
"Poured a 12 ounce bottle from Saranac's 12 Beers of Winter (or Christmas). Came out a honey brown color with very little head to speak of, which actually then disspated very fast after the initial pour. Rather cloudy and murky throughout, but this may be from allowing too much yeast to escape from the bottle into the glass. Made it look like a wheat beer; my bad! Even still you could sense the floral character of the hops present, and taste the sweetness of the malts used. Overall though, it's an okay beer, but I wouldn't grab a Saranac if I wanted to drink a Belgian. Good thing it's not sold individually. There are plenty of better beers in this style out there on the market."
"A Belgian beer for people who haven't ever had a ""true"" Belgian (true in the style sense, not necessarily geography). For what it is, it works reasonably well. It is a hazy dark orange amber that looks unfiltered. A tiny white head forms after a very careful pour. There isn't much to the aroma. A bit of sweetness with a belgian spiciness in the background. The taste is a bit sweet and fruity with a spiciness lurking in the background. I also pick up some lemon zest as it finishes. The carbonation level is very high, prickling the tongue and enhancing the spiciness. As I mentioned in the beginneing, this beer is sort of a Belgian-light. It has the beginning of the famous ""Belgian Beer Taste," but ultimately it is rather boring. Not bad, just boring. It would be a good inoffensive beer to try on noobs to see if you could take it further and let them try a Duvel or Ommegang or something else with a little more kick."
"Drinkability: One of the best offerings from Saranac in my opinion. They should maybe try some other Belgian styles, as this is very well done, and from the other 12 beers of Winter, this certainly is in the top 3 if not the best of the box. Considering the price of what a 6-pack would be, and the tasty nature of the brew, I'd definitely buy one of it were to soon exist."
"Pours a medium amber with a less than 1 finger head and almost no lace. Smells of a mild wheat but with a touch of fruityness added in. A decent wheat tartness and a decent hop flavor and bitterness but in between its a bit metallic. Some mild fruit also detected. Based on some of the other reviews I may have gotten a bad bottle - it is possible, but not likely. Not the worst beer I have ever had, just not very tasty."
"This one is probably my favorite Saranac beer so far just because this one was unexpected. If it wasn't from the Matt brewing company, I bet it's reviews would be slightly higher. This one had all the good qualitities of a Belgian Ale (I didn't say great, but I didn't say terrible either). Much cheaper than it's other stylisitic counterparts. Came as a new option in Saranac's 12 Beers of Winter mix pack. The best one of those I've tried so far."
"D - This is easily the best Saranac offering I've had to date. Not only was I happily surprised to find that it was bottle-conditioned, but moreso that it was crafted with a quality that dwarfs most of the other more pedestrian Saranac offerings."
"I love my Hefe and I love hops... if I find that all Belgian Pale Ales support this same combination there is no doubt in my mind I've found a new favorite style. What I've had from the style thus far though is nothing like this. More research is needed."
"D- Not a bad stab @ a Belgian style brew ... after one that is about enough for be though. Glad I tried it but there are far better Belgian and Belgian Style ales out there."
"This is a refreshing brew that I could see myself picking up on a regular basis. Too bad it's only available in the 12 Beers of Winter case(I think...) Matt's interpretation of this style is admirable. Keep up the good work!"
"Drinkability is average. I enjoyed the one sample, but wouldn't really be all that interested in another. After all, I still have eleven of the Beers of Winter yet to go."
"This is one of the better beers that I've tried out of the sample box thus far. Had a nice solid off white head, then it faded out to a thick lace. The color was a murky brownish/amber. Smell was pleasant, with faint alcohol esthers, some spices, plums/grapes, and caramel malts. The taste was similar, but a little more on the fruits and spices, and with a light aftertaste. Creamy taste in the mouth, so it coats it quite nicely. All in all a decent beer from Saranac. Maybe one of the best I've had from them thus far."
"Pours a golden,amber with some orange with a nice two finger head.This has a floral smell,but with all Saranac's it also has a cooked veggie smell.The taste is very floral,with wheat,malt,and a little fruity.Not bad.The m/f is a little weak,but not to bad.This is probably Saranac's best beer,and I might pick this up again."
"Pours a golden to orange color-somewhere in between the two. Low aroma-some phenolics and a touch of spices. Quite ""band aid"" like actually. Very phenolic and medicinal in flavor. The Belgian characteristics are there but really out of wack in the whole perspective of things. Average mouthfeel. A very average beer-less so in some areas then others. These guys need to stick to US styles or at least British ones. Dont bother."
"Drinkability: Easy drinking. If the yeast presence were dialed down and the dark fruit notes dialed up a bit, this would be pretty solid. As it is, it's drinkable but nothing impressive. Probably the best one of the winter pack I've had so far but we'll see. Worth a shot."
"Not bad overall. I'd drink it again in a variety pack, but there are a lot of better belgians available."
"12 ouncer sampled, no freshness indication on the label. Pours cloudy dark peach flesh, off white head dissolving to a clumpy thin film. Some moderate tubular lacing left behind. Nose is of some cloves and what seems to be a Belgian yeasty wiff. Notes of light cloves, perhaps anise. Fairly fruity and warming. One of the better Saranacs in MHO, Drinkable, starter Belgian style brew."
"Smells inviting, a bit of plums, some caramel, and a bit of dough. Poured a small light tan head that faded quickly to a film around the edge of the glass. Transparent, bright copper colored beer with a few bubbles rising slowly through the center. Flavors of mildly sweet malt mix with a good dose of fruit and yeast. A slight bitterness balances it all out in the end. Light bodied, and easy drinking. As with all Saranac beers it's not the biggest thing in town, but there is plenty going on and I'm pleasantly surprised."
"Mouth feel is medium bodied and mildly carbonated."
"Got this brew in the 12 beers of winter. Brew poured to an amber color with a small off white head that broke down quite quickly and did not leave much lacing. Noticeable spice and banana aromas that are nice. Taste is fair, quite basic with a finish of cloves that seems to dominate this brew. Over all this is a fair brew, not one that I would go out of my way to get but a fair try by Matt’s. Don’t expect a true Belgium Pale Ale experience."
"Mouthfeel was somewhat thin. Drinkability was purely average. Not what I would consider a true Belgian pale ale. Still, I am glad to have tried it... I have more Saranac beers on my tasting list than any others. I look forward to their next offerings."
"All said, if you're looking for a real, quality Belgian Pale Ale, this is not your beer."
"Aroma is very subtle, Belgianesque yeast. Taste is pleasant and avoids the clying sweetness and bubblegum flavors that a lot of other American attempts at Belgian style ales have. Hops are noticeably present and balance things out nicely. I enjoyed this beer much to my surprise."
"The beer pours an amber color with a thick frothy offwhite head that slowly fades to lacing. The aroma is average. It has a mild Belgian malt scent that is slightly sweet with a fruity yeast aroma. The taste is average as well. It has a dry, yet semi-malty flavor that goes down slow despite the low body. It lacks ""real"" Belgian beer flavor. Instead, it has a clove aftertaste and a damn dry flavor; not very enticing. The mouthfeel is also average. It is a low/medium bodied beer with good carbonation. It lacks a decent body and in turn lacks the authenticity of the style. This is a deflated effort at a Belgian ale. This is one for the scrap heap."
"With all that said it is kinda enjoyable!"
