review_text
""
"This may be better not from cask..."
"O - An interesting brew. Not what I expected. It's like a Riesling with a weissbier - and while it's novel I'm not sure how much I like it."
"This beer was not meant to be on cask, or it was not treated properly, because it has ZERO carbonation. Aside from ruining the mouthfeel and appearance, I think this made the beer a little bit blander than it should have been. Good job hiding the alcohol though."
"Not very impressive."
"Chelsea Brewing makes some wonderful beers, in particular anything found on cask. Unfortunately, I didn't enjoy this offering as much as I liked its name. I'll buy into the concept of a refreshingly tart citruisy banana tasting beer that's brewed slightly stronger for the long, cold winter season. Problem is: this simply isn't that."
"D - Nice winter wheat ale with lots of flavor, including some requisite flavors and subtle additions of spices and cereal grains."
"On-tap at Spyten & Duvel. Nice white soapy head. A sour though still fresh pale wheat. I am not particularly picking on Chelsea, but my observation is that they are overated. A cross between a wheat beer and a barley wine is the word on it, but I don't get it."
"On tap at Cole's,poured a hazey light amber ith some lighter brown tint a tight formed one finger head atop.Mainly toasted weat malt in the nose with a hint of citric-like fruitiness,flavors to me were like lightly sweetened creal grain with light noteds of lemon and a little orange.For a bigger beer it went down easily its very toasty and cereal-like I could drink quite a few of these."
"Had this on-tap at the Blind Tiger at the end of a long pubcrawling day. Listed as ""Chelsea Winter Wheat"" and I'm assuming this is the same beer. A very good session beer. Poured with a big head which goes down to a nice lacing. Hops dominate the smell, and that can be a good thing. Taste is very balanced. You get some hops, but it doesn't overwhelm the delicate wheat flavors. Getting some wheat beer yeast flavors. Very drinkable due to the balance."
"This American-style wheat beer poured a hazy, golden color with thin white foam that settled quickly. The smell was a mild malt and wheat aroma. The taste was a tad sour. Dominant flavors were malt, wheat, and a hint of hops. The mouthfeel was a bit sour. The body and carbonation were medium. The hops were present in the aftertaste. This was a decent wheat beer of its style."
