review_text
""
""
"Awesome stuff."
"Bomber from Presario. Spot on wheat wine, tasty, fuller honeyish mouthfeel, lacey. Cloudy golden body.Fresh aromas. Very good drinkability, like a strong ale with its orange citrus hops. Good and complex fruit. Alcohol well hidden. Well crafted beer."
"2010 Wheatwine, 9.0%. Had this on tap at Popeye in Ryogoku, Tokyo. Poured into a snifter. A Mountain Dew wheat hue with a thin white bubbly head that subsides. Strong wheat, orange, and grapefruit scents. Pleasant sourness with a thicker mouthfeel than expected by the color. Smell retains and highlights hops as it warms. Goes very well with a lemon-garnished dish. Great wheatwine with a wonderful spice from the alcohol level."
"O - An interesting experience. Good stuff."
"Pours a murky non see through apricot hue which leaves a half finger head and little lacing,the smell is pineapple,papaya,strawberry guava and candied wheat,the mouthfeel is medium bodied and a touch syrupy with tastes of pineapple,kiwifruit,paw paw,lemon rind,candied wheat,candied sweet sugar and a touch of grapefruit bitterness on finish and overall a very fruity wheatwine that belittles its high ABV and overall a nice wheatwine and i could easily drink again with the fruitiness coming through in a very good way cheers."
"Overall - If you want to get into the style, this is definitely a good start. Some very nice flavours in this wheat wine, as well as a nice fluffiness to the mouthfeel. I've had Demeter's Harvest by Half Pints, which is an excellent representation of the style, but besides that, this is still a good second runner up. Worth the try!"
"If you've never tried a Wheatwine before this is a decent place to start. Very enjoyable and quite approachable for both the style and the alcohol content. I'll for sure be buying at least another bottle of this, if not more. It should last quite a while at that abv% if I don't get to it too soon."
"I like it! I really like the prominent citrus fruit smell and taste. The taste of the bitter-sweet fruit and the bitterness in the finish balance well. It's not really complex, just good and tasty."
"A nice idea for a pan-Pacific shout-out to the modern West Coast American brewing ethos, even though most of the wheat wines in the States seem to originate from the Mid-West and points further east. Anyways, this offering displays the extreme malt characteristics expected from any beer delving into '*wine' territory, with an edginess well attributable to the wheat. Hard to tell outright, though, when the aforementioned bitter fruitiness, in honour of the Pacific Rim influence, is so evident. Overall - drinkable enough now, and a prime candidate for some short to mid-term aging."
"another style I'm not very familiar with but could learn to love, not as heavy as a Barley wine and maybe this needs to age even more so"
"This was the final of 3 beers I sampled at Baird's Nakameguro Taproom. The first 2 beers I had were the Jubilation Ale 2010 and the Dark Sky Imperial Stout"
"A great little beer. Plenty of flavour like in an English Barleywine with a hint of American hop and a touch of wheat."
"Drinkable, but I don't quite get the discrepancy between nose and taste."
"Yeah, I'm not a huge fan of sweet beers and this one is just insipid. I get that it's meant to be sweet but it needs something to balance it and clean up the palate. I really couldn't drink this in quantity. A quarter of a bottle is more than enough."
"Pretty tasty, although it's a little bit wayward, and it doesn't have the exciting depth and complexity as many another wheatwine I've had."
"Sort of like a more drinkable barleywine."
"Still, I'd like to try more from Baird!"
"Served at room temperature, which in this room, was far too cold. A warm yeasty malty aroma. Solid long lasting flavor. Reminds me a lot of old foghorn, only softer. Very long lasting sweet caramel and creme brule flavors. Restrained bitterness. Very smooth, and minimal carbonation. The alcohol is completely hidden. This goes down far too easy. If this was the only beer on tap at a bar and there was no warning as its alcohol content, I guarantee half the patrons in the bar would be blissfully passed out at the bar in no time flat. Awesome."
