review_text
""
"Much too sweet and sticky for a lager even if it is an imperial beer. The color alone was telling of how much malt was laid down in this beer. Rather easy to drink once you dismiss this as a lager."
""
""
""
""
"fresh bottle from Texas Liquor (in Carsblad, Cal.) Very easy to drink hoppy beer. An understated bitterness that was most pleasant during a long luncheon. Mild hoppy aromas. Some citrus, medium mouthfeel, and one-quarter inch of retained head on cloudy lightly orange body. Satisfying, not heavy, sure not a double IPA and cannot be held up to that sort of hop assault."
"Definitely won't be trying this beer again."
""
""
""
"o - Overall a below average pilsner. Somewhat bland and reminded me a little bit of an American Adjunct Lager, wouldn't really seek it out again."
"Taste is nice, spicy flowery citrusy hop bitterness with sweetish bread, honey, apple, along with mineral. It has a lot of well-rounded, balanced character, nice malt and hop presence, lively and zesty."
"Some day...."
"Overall: I have never been thrilled by the Imperial Pilsner style, more because I dislike the malt character of so many of them; in this case, I really like the malts but the hops aren't up to the task; still, it is easy to drink"
"O - An amazing beer! Liked this more than I originally thought I would. I had this in my fridge for quite a while and now wish I would have drank it sooner, as we all do with unknowingly amazing brews. Super excited to find this randomly while shopping at certain markets. Although availability here in SoCal should be a little better for this, considering I live 2 or 3 counties away, look for it at your bottle shop. Its a must for SDagans."
"Overall this is just an OK beer. It;s not bad but I really don't think I will buy another bottle."
"Overall this is a good benchmark for the style, not good and not bad and worth a shot."
"Pours to a light orange with a white foam head. At first sip you can taste the higher hops than with other pilsners. Taste is somewhat grassy with a hoppy yet not overpowering finish. Foam dissapears quickly but the aftertaste on this beer is not that bitter and makes your pallate desire another sip. At 7.5% and with a 22 oz bottle it might still be considered a session beer that one can enjoy when looking for a beer to stick with and not have it overpower you."
"Pours a hazy light orange with a 1 inch white-orange head that fades to a small cap. Random spotting and splotches of lace form around the glass on the drink down. Smells of toasted malt, grassy notes, and herbal hops. Taste is of toasted malt, bread, and grassy/herbal hops. There is also a definite alcohol flavor with this beer. This beer has a lower level of carbonation with a slightly thick and sticky mouthfeel. Overall, this is a pretty good beer and the first of the style I have had. However, I am not too sure I would get this one again."
"Pours a clear light apricot color with a thin white head that quickly falls down into a few bubbles. Thin collar throughout. The nose is lightly grainy without too much depth. Some bready malt and not much in the way of hops. The flavor is bready with some light grain in the background. Hop bitterness comes through on the backend, though isn't really present in the flavor. Medium body with high carbonation and a bit of an alcohol bite in the finish. Decent enough, though not my favorite."
"Malt bomb wins."
"I've wrote off Karl Strauss beers in the past (beers with little character), but a recent change in the bottle lineup has got all these new, big flavored beers on the market, and after trying this and Big Barrel Double IPA, I'm rethinking how I view Karl Strauss."
"D - I enjoyed this beer quite a bit its easy ti drink with a good taste to it this was a good take on the style worth picking up sometime"
"Drinkability - I have only one good thing to say about this beer: I couldn't stop drinking it - hahaha! When I pick it apart it's hard to find one positive quality and Lord knows it has nothing to do with style but the hell with all that for some strange reason it hit the spot."
"Overall, not a beer I'd pass up, it's fairly pleasant, but I'll probably forget all about it during my next brew."
"Serving type: 22 oz bottle"
"Picked up on a recent trip to San Diego. Pours a nice golden-amber color, with a fairly substantial rocky white head. Good bready/biscuity aromas, with a just a hint of hops. Solid pilsner character on the palate, creamy, with a subtle alcoholic punch near the end. Good."
"This is an Imperial Czech style pilsner. It has a pale golden hue and a nice head retention. The aromas I picked up were grassy and floral with a slight hint of toasted malt. Slight hope character, however, not too prominent. Body:medium, standard... Finishs crisp and dry. A bti of lingering booziness due to the high alcohol content. Overall, a good beer; and in my opinion a nice step outside of the traditional box."
"The slightly roasted hop flavor is extremely pleasant to me. Doesn't have the hyped-up malt liquor taste of some Imperial Pilseners. Score one for Strauss on this one."
"D: The ABV is rather well hidden and it goes down way too easily. Not one of the best imperial pilsners I've had, but there are no major flaws and it's good to see Karl Strauss taking some risks with their bottled offerings."
"D - Quaffable. For sure."
"D: Not a bad tasting beer, but the shortness of the flavor baffled me. I'm not sure what caused that, but it at least made this beer more interesting."
"D: I enjoyed this beer quite a bit. Not a lot you can do to dry out an imperial pilsner but the flavors were definitely on. Reminded me of some of the pilsners I've had in central Europe. I wasn't 100% sold but definitely enjoyed this beer more than a few other Imp Pils that I've tried. Worth a shot, especially as the weather heats up."
"D: This is OK. Pils can't hide the problems, and this has its fair share. A good Impy Pils has the strong hop character checked by the malt, everything is in a balance. I don't see a balance here and the flavours aren't particularly good."
"Drinkability: This was the best stab at a Czech-style pilsner that I've tried. Strong recommendation."
