review_text
""
""
""
""
""
"Overall I am pleasantly surprised this is up there with the ""whole hog pumpkin"" ale. Not too sweet yet has a decent malt presence. A very tasty bock indeed."
""
""
""
""
"very nice, malt forward, clean better a few degrees warmer. very light head, not much head retention, but nice malty taste this was my first Maibock and it wont be my last if this is a good representation of the class then I'm going to hit it up again."
""
"M. Smooth almost creamy textured medium body, lightly carbonated."
""
""
""
""
"Overall - Not a bad beer. It seems quite filling though."
"A strange maibock that's more like a doppelbock with lighter malts than a maibock of helles. Up the noble hop presence, go easy on the malt, and control the ethanol, and this would shape up to be an interesting maibock."
"Overall this is a great beer for this style and I recomend that you give it a try!"
"Overall- an interesting Maibock, certainly drinkable and decent, but nothing stellar."
"O - All in all, really like it. Granted I'm a fan of the style but there's something about this one that I really enjoy. Definitely my favorite Point brew...too bad its a seasonal."
"O - One of the better Point brews, this Maibock is a pleasure to drink and enjoy on a warm spring day. Well-rounded, nicely balanced, and quite drinkable."
"Cream soda, grape, alcohol in the aftertaste, some estery banana and low level spice. Syrupy feel, a little bit sticky but not cloyingly sweet. Simple and a little bit dull. Not something i'd revisit."
"overall this was a good buy - saw it on sale 5.99 a sixer and i am a sucker for maibocks i thought i would give it a shot - glad i did - might buy more"
"Yellow, good head, clear for the most part. Poured into a glass. Not really my favorite, but it had a pretty smooth aftertaste, surprisingly light. Flavor and mouthful wasn't too full, more light to medium bodied. Wouldn't really buy again, but im sure there's people out there that would enjoy this beer."
"Feels a bit on the crisp and refreshing side, with a smooth creaminess in the end to finish. Overall a great interpretation of the style."
"This is very good, though not a mind-blowing beer, but it's thus far the best I've had from this brewery."
"Pours a nice rich golden with a fluffy white head. Decent retention and laceing. Aroma is grassy and floral with a nice mix of bready malts. Body is medium with a good amount of carbonation. Taste is of bread and butter malts,with hints of nut and caramel. Floral finish. Really good."
"D - This is a nice maibock. However, like most Point brews it doesn't blow me away."
"D: well I waited until the bottle #12 of the 12 pack to do this review, and let me tell you, I was sitting on these for a while. The stuff is possible to drink, just not all that pleasant. The balance is poor and the overall execution is pretty bad. This seems to be a theme in Point beers."
"Poured from a brown 12 oz. bottle. Has a light brown color with a 1/2 inch head. Smell is of malts and caramel. Taste is a good balance of hops and malts, a touch of caramel. Feels medium bodied in the mouth and has average drinkability. Overall this is a good quality brew."
"Pours a nice clean/clear golden yellowish color, nice carbonation, nice one-finger creamy off-white head, with some nice sticky lacing to follow. The nose is sweet, malty, with some spice notes. The taste has a nice little sweetness to it, malty, slightly spiced, with some caramel. Medium body. Drinkable, a nice little brew."
"Overall a pretty poor maibock."
"D- overall a pretty drinkable beer, def. goes down smooth and quick on cool spring day"
"Overall a decent beer. Nothing I would seek out but an easy drinker."
"Cheers."
"Cheers!"
"Deep gold colored beer with a rapidly fading head.Aroma is grainy and unremarkable.Taste is bread,biscuit and malty.Overall a pretty decent beer that goes down relatively smooth.I can see this being a spring weather beer.I would recommend to try once and am sure I will come across this again some time in the future."
"Deep honey golden body bright white head forms thick, fine speckled lacing forms as well. These bottles and labels are so generic looking but I had to try it. Nose has a nice biscuit malt sweetness with a touch of honey accents and herbal rolling grassy hops. Mineral water slightly metallic character is lingering as well. Flavor is a bit bland overall, it's a nice mass produced maibock slightly watery. Nice grainy sweetness rides through again biscuit malt and mild honey sweet edges, balance with a low profile herbal, grassy hop kick. Mouthfeel is killed by carbonation levels and cloying sweet sticky textures at times really making this brew hard to love or even like. A regional brew from Wisconsin, this beer probably goes well with cheese. All beer goes pretty good with cheese, they need to take an apprentice ship in PA to learn German styles a bit better if this is their Maibock. It's note horrbile but they could use some pointers."
"D-This brew definitely makes me yearn for the spring, as does the wilderness scene on the label. I enjoyed drinking this brew."
"D-This is a pretty decent maibock....good weightiness to this...good substance...good sweetness with just enough alcohol to keep it from cloying but it isn't far from that..."
"(D)- Not too shabby. Its got the right flavors for the most part and is balanced well. Nothing out of the ordinary. Simple and straightforward but enjoyable nonetheless. Kinda filling though."
"This is the best Point beer I've had in 35 years, and I'm a Point fan. It's not like you're in Munich, but it's not bad. Compares nicely with Maibocks from Wisconsin crafters like Capital and Sprecher."
"On-tap at the Acadia Cafe. $4 for a pint. Appeared crystal clear amber with a short white head. Like most Point beers, this is good and clean, but not great. While it's quite drinkable, it's not a shining example of the style. The flavor with the sweet fruity (apples and cherries) malts are backed by a little whole-grain bread taste, but it's all very thin and doesn't leave much of an aftertaste. Meh, not really worth trying unless you normally find maibocks too thick."
"Drinkability - Being a fan of the highly malted beers, this one's right up my alley. A good beer in a great style from a good brewery."
"Not a bad beer, would be a bit too sweet for me to consume in irresponsible quantities, but one is definitely worth a try."
"Drinkability: Acceptable and decent, it's not the first bock I'd reach for, but it's not one I'd swat away like an awry tennis ball either."
"Pours a clear, copper/amber color. 1 inch head of an off-white color. Good retention and decent lacing. Smells of sweet malt, hops, some hints of ginger, and some slight citrus aroma. Fits the style of a Maibock/Helles Bock. Mouth feel is smooth and slightly thick with an average carbonation level. Carbonation has a kick, which is noticeable when compared to the general sweetness. Tastes of a lot of sweet malt up front, yeast characteristics come through next, hop in the background, slight ginger is noticeable along with some bread flavor. Overall, a decent Maibock; not too watery, but not real heavy on body - an easy to drink beer. It's a little heavy on the sweetness for my taste, but the flavors are well blended."
"I have fond memories of drinking Point up north in my younger days. Hope the einbock is just not one of their better offerings."
"D=a little heavy."
"All in all, Point has a winner with this one. I picked up a 12er at my local store for $11.99. That's a steal for a Maibock of this quality. Yes there are better Maibock's out there, but at this price, or any price for that matter, this rank's up there with the best of them..."
"Very drinkable brew, and definitely worth a shot."
"A good spring bock, would drink easily and is quite affordable compared to other beers of it's ilk."
"BTW -- the point web site says this is 6.2 ABV."
"Toasty sweet malts dominate the show with a smattering of floral hoppiness and a bitter, drawn out finish, maybe a bit too toasty. Showing a touch of oxidation, but overall this is just an ok tasting maibock. Certainly no shortage of flavor, but somehow just does not have that smooth, balanced touch that makes me want more than one."
"Nothing to get excited about, but not bad. Very mild flavor. Worth a try."
"A quick rush of bubbles flows into a one-finger light tan head which hangs around for a few seconds before it fades with no lacing left behind. Color is brown, with hues of orange. Smells of wheat, hops and a bit of caramel. Tastes a bit fruity at first, with some more malts and some hops which are very reluctant to show themselves. Mouth-feel is light to medium bodied. This one's easy to drink, and fairly tasty. I could get to a few of these any time."
"Drinks easy enough, not a bad stab at the style, much room for improvement. This would do in a pinch. Too bad the head retention & lacing weren't up to snuff"
"The taste is crisp, clean with a good sweet bock character. A bit thin in the mouthfeel, but a good overall beer that is quite drinkable."
"This brew is a distinct Miabock that makes me long for the days when point released thier bock year round. It is light, highly carbonated, straw colored and high is alc. It tatses a bit like sorgum, celery and malt. About what you would expect. It is a good attempt at a maibock...just not mai-scene."
"Honey blonde with a slight, off white head that quickly settles into a thin collar of foam, decent looking lace. Very herbal smelling, somthing I can't put my finger on but not entirely unpleasant. Some roasty caramel aromas. Tastes a little thin for a maibock but good nonetheless, malty sweetness with a touch of hops to balance. Tastes kind of like an import. Medium watery mouthfeel with sharp carbonation. Worth checking out."
"Overall a very tasty beer to sit down, drink and watch the game"
"D: I need to find more of this delicious brew. Stevens Point has blossomed from my college days. I wouldn't have expected something so good from them. Wow, nicely done!"
"I tried this some time ago, before I developed any liking for the style. Although it still isn't my favorite, I have grown to enjoy bocks a little, and I may give this another go."
"Easy drinker and a nice stab at the style. I liked their retired Spring Bock better, but this is no slouch."
"There is some interesting stuff happening in this beer. Some striking flavors that could have made this a real winner are tainted a little bit by traces of astringency. If anything it's an invitation for me to try a few more Maibock's to see if anyone else can capture the variety of flavors successfully. Its a bit heavy making it less than easy drinking. My take is that its worth a try, but don't plan on a session with it."
"Overall: A very solid Maibock, especially for the price. I really like the malt/hop balance, which is key for a Helles Bock. Though it would ideally be a bit more full-bodied, its lighter mouthfeel makes this a great beer for that first hot day in May."
"Stevens Point Einbock (One-bock) is a pleasant surprise. Along with Cascade Pale Ale, this is the best beer that I've had from one of Wisconsin's lesser known breweries. If you're a fan of the style, a six-pack might be in order."
"A good beer to have once in awhile, But not one to frequent."
"Stevens Point has the start of what could be a very good Maibock. Yet they need to make it much bolder and improve the presentation. As it stands, it's decent but reminiscent of a macro, wannabe-bock--fairly smooth and somewhat tasty, but a bit weak in appearance, nose and taste."
"poured into a pint glass, a clear golden amber with a somewhat thin head but nice looking carbonation. Light aroma of sweet malt. Flavor is a nice balance of malt & hops with a subtle hint of vanilla. Mouthfeel is clean, goes down easy. Not spectacular but overall not a bad beverage."
"This was a good smooth beer with a taste that seemed to jump out ahead of the other aspects."
"This was 5.99 at Binnys - a steal. It seems Point gets taken down a peg for their basic lineup - this one is probably their best. Give it a chance and compare to some of the other Wisconsin maibocks - it probably won't be your favorite - but it certainly won't be pushed around. Nice job."
"12oz. brown bottle served in a pilsner glass. Poured a clear amber/gold with plenty of carbonation. Bright noble hop aroma, malt comes in as it warms. Light to medium body. Malt dominates, but it is pretty subdued. Caramel sweetness, balanced with noble hops in the middle. Very drinkable, but a little thin for the style which seems to be typical of American bocks."
"Nice job guys!"
"Poured from the bottle into a pint glass, beer is a clear, deep golden color - almost amber in appearance with a thin, soapy head. The smell is slightly malty sweet with a faint hop pressence. The taste is decently balanced with a slightly toasted maltiness countered by a non-distinct hop bitterness and finishes slightly grainy. The mouthfeel is medium bodied with a smooth carbonation. Drinkability isn't too bad, but there really isn't anything special about this one."
"I had this after the 2008 Stevens Point Bock Run(3/1/08) instead of gatorade at the brewery. Nice amber color, smelled rather metallic. There was not much taste, and nothing like a bock typically tastes. Mostly metallic tasting but just really watered down and then a strong alcohol after taste which was very unpleasant. Thank goodness they had their rootbeer also on tap post race to chase away this bad beer."
"Overall, a decent maibock for my first experience from this brewery. The basic maibock chemistry is here, but it's a bit too dry / over-attenuated. A good value for the price."
"Interesting brew. I will have to say that it is a nice change for the Bock that the Point brewery brews and I am sure I will have more this spring."
" ~ I plan on sampling many of these some this spring. I'm always happy when The Point Brewery comes out with the Bock for spring. This year they're just trying a new type of Bock."
