review_text
""
""
""
""
"Nothing special here. Maybe this bottle is a bit past its prime (expires in two months), but I don't see this being much better fresh."
"This beer poured out as a reddish brown color with a tan colored head that was pretty thin. The aromas were of a lot of grains and malt. There isn't a whole lot of hops on the nose or much else. Perhaps a little spice but that's about it. The taste is mostly dry malt, some fresh leaves some other flavors of nature in there. The mouthfeel is medium, It's drinkable and worth trying again. I was better than I expected."
"A dark but clear rosey mahogany color with an off-white/grey whimpy head that fades to a ring with modest lacing. The aroma is a malty-root, brown sugar and sour mash. The flavor is sour malt and weak wheat grain goodness. But it's quite thin and watery, minimal carbonation, a bit tingly. Drinkable but not desirable particularly. I can't really pick up any other qualities, just kind of non-descript, not one I will revisit."
"this was my first alt beer that i remember. i've had others since, but i figured i'd review this one first."
"4/4/3/3/10 (2.4/5)"
"Medium body at best, with a rather astringent mouthfeel. An easy drinker with the mild alcohol not really noticeable, except in the nose. Worth a try for the style and a nice re-useable bottle."
"Poured a dark copper with a medium tan head. Lots of caramel and bread in the aroma. Flavor was dense with caramel and malt, with a bitter end. No hops, mostly sour apple. Some fruitiness, with a heavier than expected mouthfeel. Its okay, but not worth doing again."
"Appearance is crystal clear, deep chocolate brown with ruby red highlights and a rocky off-white head that lingers for only a moment or two to settle in a thin layer. Aroma has bready malts with notes of milk chocolate and bread dough along with some faint flowery noble hops. The taste is very complex and it took me nearly the whole glass to nail down all the flavors. Up front I'm hit with sweet chocolate and bread dough. Through the middle I taste those flowery noble hops and hazelnut. Then in the finish is a distinct sherry-like note. Medium to medium low mouthfeel makes this highly drinkable and the restrained carbonation compared to most other German lagers I think really helped bring out the robust flavors. I really enjoyed this beer a lot and I'm upset I didn't pick up more bottles. Oh well, I guess I'll have to buy more!"
"D: Overall a good drinking and hoppy alt with rich ripe fruit makes this and enjoyable experience that was rich and fruity and smooth going down."
"I bought this in a 0.5 liter bottle that had a resealable top, like grolsch. It pours with very little head, which went away quickly, with no lacing. Very dark brown. It has a nutty smell with hints of sweetness. And the taste is similar, with malt. Medium carbonation. This is my first try with an altbier, so I have no others to compare it to. I do like it, even though it is a little on the light side for my taste."
"Drinkability: Works for me. Not too heavy, not too much alcohol content, good taste. Not much can go wrong with a couple of these."
"This is a pretty delicate beer, with light flavors and aromas, but it's pretty good. There is something to be appreciated about that. Very recommended."
"Appearance is deceiving. It looks a lot heavier than it really is. The color of cherry coke, with a thin white head that slowly dissipates into an even lacing. It has a very subtle aroma, similar to that of a traditional Scottish Amber but with more of a sweetness. It's a full-bodied taste that goes down incredibly smooth. Has a relatively mild bitterness in the aftertaste and a watery mouthfeel. Not quite enough ""uumph"" for my personal preference, but I certainly can't put it down. This is a genuine beer-drinkers' beer."
"Light in body and fairly thin on the tongue. Smooth and lightly carbonated. Lacks a bit in flavor, but enjoyable and very drinkable. Good session beer that won't get in the way."
"Drinkability: very good, great smooth taste and easy to drink. Would make a great session beer."
"Drinkability: I'm on the fence with this one. It started off nice with the appearance and unique aroma, but it finished off rather weak. It wasn't all that hoppy and it wasn't all that unique."
"Drinkability- Worth a try, but it ain't great."
"Pours a dark brownish amber color with a nice lace of head. Smell has fruity and malty aromas. Taste is fruity but very complex also. It's lightly carbonated and goes down extra smooth with a slight bitterness towards the end. The hops and malts are perfectly balance. The is one fine brew and I can't imagine and Altbier getting much better than this."
"A great example of an often negleted style. Personally I think this is Schwelmer's best offering."
"I poured this beer into my tumbler at 50 degrees. The beer was a nice mahoganny color with a nice head. The smell of this beer was sweet at first then I thought a little skunky possibly. The taste at first was watery but then I came to tase a little nuttiness, maply spicey taste. I first said no then changed my mind to YES I would buy this beer again. kind of a wishy washy reveiw but this beer got better as I drank on it."
"A deep mohagany beer with a thin head and the aroma of rich malt and slight sweetness of molasses. Taste is rich but not overdone with the malt, having the right amount of hop and good carbonation to give it a clean bite. Having a medium mouthfeel, I got to say that I'm really enjoying this beer and wish I had another to chase it."
"Darkish brown, with mild yeasty and malty aroma. Taste like a subdued barleywine,a bit of a season, and an understated maudite.Nuttiness, herbal, and creamy carmel. Easy drinking. Nothing bold and exciting, but a fine brew. Well carbonated with no significant head."
"It's a good beer, and I am a scotch fan, and like the taste. But like I said above, you have to be in the mood for it. Not an everyday beer."
"330m swing top bottle. Poured a deep mahogony with off white head that quickly reduced. Smells earthy with some plum fruityness. Taste is earthy, I get the tobacco notes of a previous review , very smooth with maltiness balanced by slight hops. Enjoyable brew in a style I loved in Germany and very hard to find locally."
"This is fine and delicate altbier. Do not expect the hop level in this guy to match an American double IPA or anything. Instead, approach this like you would a piece of antique furniture. The more you allow this one to grow on your palate, the more it appreciates in value. Would make a fantastic session beer in some dark, hidden-away German bar. Might go great with dumplings or struedel."
"Overall- A tasty beer! $3 for a 1/2 liter bottle, definitely worth it!"
"Pours a three finger off-white white head that vanishes quickly to a ring leaving traces of lace. Cloudy amber color. Medium carbonation and medium bodied. Sweet toffee nose. Flavor is sweet toffee that is balanced by the hops. Clean finish. $1.90 for a 330ml swing-top bottle from Tully's Beer and Wine Wells, ME."
"Bottle courtesy of Plucier: Poured a clear deep brown color alt with a small foamy head with limited retention. Aroma of light roasted malt with some light toffee. Taste is also dominated by some light roasted toffee notes. Body is really average with some medium carbonation. I’m not sure I am totally getting the style since I don’t encounter it often enough but I thought this example was generally boring."
"Despite the disappointment, it does have a certain smoothness, especially as it warms that gives it a certain drinkability (for the one bottle, but wouldn't rush for more). Well, I wasn't crazy about the Bernstein - which this has a certain similarity too.. and this was even blander...I would stick with the weizen of the three offerings I've had from this brewery. Overall- a disappointing alt from Germany - expected better..."
"If I hadn't had the less than stellar Schwelmer Bernstein and Schwelmer Pils, I might have suspected a bad (or an old) bottle. Try as I might, I can't decipher 'best before end 88 10 83'. It looks like only Schwelmer Weizen is worthy of a repeat purchase."
"Deep chestnut color with a great tan head on top. Great looking beer, really. Moderate malt aroma. Slight caramel smell to it. Malty flavor with a decent nutty flavor. There is a whisper of smokiness in it for me. Good mouthfeel. Very good beer. I could see drinking bucketloads of this on a nice sunny day."
"As beautiful a color as I've seen in a beer. Head doesn't quite live up to it, but my god what a color. Deep, dark mahogany visible through the small amount of light that permeates. Smell of toasy malt and light hops. Hallertau is at work here, and doing a real nice job. Taste is just a little smoky in addition to the aformentioned characteristics from the nose, this with a nice hop finish. Mouthfeel, though velvety is a touch sticky. Still, the verdict here is two thumbs way up. 10 bucks a sixer is a little crazy, but you're paying for that fine packaging and the cool bottles. Would love it if more American micros would enter the ring with this style."
"D-This could be a good session ale but i think i would have to switch after about 2 or 3."
"The drinkability is good and easy, just don't expect a lot of body. Prosit MK"
"Not the most complex of beers, but the nice roast and hops, together with the high drinkability make this a nice beer."
"this is a very drinkable and enjoyable alt beer and one that is worth a try."
"Drinks fairly easy, but like my alts a little more beefier on the malt & hops side. Give me a Diebels any day. So far this brewery ain't really floating my boat"
"This beer simply blows me away and I'll be sure to revisit it next time pulled pork is on my entertainment menu..."
"One of my favorites, probably my favorite session beer behind Anchor Steam Beer. All of the flavors are mellow and supremely well balanced, and the overall palate is exceedingly drinkable. This one is a classic…"
"The alt poured a cola like brown color with a tan head. The head was decent, nothing special, but left very nice lacing. It has a malt sweetness to it, caramel & toasted. The taste is of caramel malts, a bit nutty, a bit dark fruit. A nice fizzy mouthfeel, crisp. A very drinkable brew. I am not very familar with the style but I like it."
"D - Great! Very similar to a brown or nut-brown ale but with some very odd qualities. Smooth and easy-drinking."
"Half-liter swingtop, with a best-by date of 88.10.69, which doesn't make any sense no matter how you look at it. It opens with a loud ""POP!"" and pours a chestnut hue with medium carbonation and a fluffy, two finger, light tan head that leaves nice lacing. The aroma is grainy, with toasted and caramel malts, fruits?, paper?, and some sweetness that is a bit too prevalent. It tastes essentially the same, with spicy, leafy?, and freshly-cut-hay hops that leave a mild bitterness on top of a light body that leaves light finish. Overall not a bad brew, just not that great. Balanced, yes, but they need to beef up the both the malts and hops."
"Drinkability is nice, it's a representative example of the the style. Enjoyed it."
"Drinkability: I've yet to be impressed by an altbier, but this one is okay and fairly drinkable. I might have been a little disappointed if it weren't so cheap."
"Drinkability: A very drinkable brew for sure. The flavors are very mellow, but interesting and tasty."
"I am a big fan of the style so I was happy to try it out. Overall, I found it to be a nice beer. Slightly smoky in smell. Balanced as the style is supposed to be. Crisp in my mouth and it leaves a pleasent lingering flavor. Easy to drink, I would buy it again."
"Pours dark, almost like a coke, with a light tan head that leaves a ring of lacing on the glass. I looked at the label ""unique hoppy altbier"" and thought the hops were gonna rip my tongue off or something, not so. To find the truth turn the bottle around simply ""water, malt, hops"" simple things are good though. It has a sweet caramel malt nose with a bit of hmmm is it fruit or chocolate. It is kinda hard to tell after inhaling concrete dust today. Now for the taste, nice and malty in the front with a hint of hops taking over. This is a very smooth and drinkable beer. Pardon me while I have another. Skoal!"
"Opinion: I really like this beer, and am rather glad that it doesn’t have the hoppy bite that I thought it may from the label. This beer comes across a bit like a Dunkel, and I am hard pressed to pick up the Alt character. I am really enjoying this beer, and would certainly drink it any time that I get the chance. I would just not expect an Alt, but a well crafted dark beer."
"Hey it's always a decent weekend when you score big on news brews. This Alt is new to me and yet it already seems like a longtime friend already after a couple of bottles. Talk about nice, dar reddish brown, nice sticky head, sweet malty backbone that is almost nutty , but certainly bready. It finishes nice with a pperfect mix of hops. The more I drink altbiers the more I like them, but this is definitely a great Alt that should be enjoyed by everyone."
"Has a nice deep ruby/ medium clear brown. But no bublles and no head. Only a 16th of an inch after the pour. The first snikks are very acidty and battery head liek. But they bring some darker malts to the nose. A little. The taste jas some stale malts, but a good , yet light bitterness."
"Beer is good. Happy alt-beering."
"Corked bottle opens with a big pop...good start, and an aroma of malty chocolate. Pours to a dark brown with hints of red, thick tan head that lingers awhile, and decent lacing. Unfortunately, the beer goes downhill after this. Flavor is okay, more malt and hint of chocolate, but a very thin body and watery finish makes this a less enjoyable beer at the end than at the beginning."
"BB 17-11-06 white head and brown beer. Nose is very caramellic as the bernstein and maybe litle more esters but best more maltyness. Taste is bit fuller and yes very easy drinkable for altbeer. Missing bit of stickyness and very clean brewed so refreshingly and enjoyable."
"Good Alt...well done."
"This is an okay beer, but it’s nothing to write home about. I bought it as a curiosity, not least because of the cool bottle. While I don’t regret it, I doubt I will feel a need to seek it out again."
"Pours a dark cranberry red color with a creamy, off-white head. Smells very interesting, not really altbier like per-se - rich malts and sweetened dark berries. Malty as expected, bready and nutty. Smooth, medium-light and pretty refreshing actually. Leaves the tongue a little dry. Enjoyable."
"D - high, try this alt, cheap and tasty and nice ont he palate"
"Worth a try but not the best Alt beer I've had."
"Poured from a 'blast from the past' flip top bottle. Poured into a standard pint glass, it formed a nice 2 finger head that was light tan in color. The beer itself was a dark brown with traces of red when held to the light. Medium body. Not hoppy at all although it describes itself as hoppy on the label. Well balanced, bread like nose, with floral hints. Very easy to drink, not at all like traditional alts from Dusseldorf but still a very easy drinking brew. Highly recomended."
"For the Altbier style, this is a good beer. It's very easy to drink and it's quite refreshing. This may be a bit too strong to be what the Bros. would define as a ""session beer," but I would say it's as close to a great session beer as it comes."
"Interestingly, as Schwelm was once a mining center, this beer is quite similar in many ways to the dark milds of northern England where miners enjoyed a darker, but not necessarily fuller beer at the end of the day. It's not what you'd expect of a Dusseldorfer alt at all, but it's still quite enjoyable."
"I'd also like to commend Brauerei Schwelm for their use of rugged and _unmarked_ swingtop bottles. Very handy for a homebrewer."
"Drinkability: Very disappointing; I enjoy the altbier style but this just doesn't cut it"
"Pours a pretty garnet color topped by a half-inch of tan head. Aroma of sweet, bready malt with notes of stone fruit (plum, maybe?). Palate is nice, sweet, and a bit fruity. Bready, biscuity caramel malt is complemented by some light fruity hops and a hint of German lager yeast. Medium body and good carbonation carry the flavor well. A nice, flavorful offering, and perhaps the first true German alt I've had."
"Schwelmer Alt pours a dark brown with ruby highlights and a thick tan head. Smells like a malted milk ball. Malt predominates in the flavor, some metallic flavor briefly as well. I don't know much about altbiers, I've had a couple but I'm not really conversant with the style. Overall this beer is okay, I probably wont buy it again, but it is worth a try, you may like it more than I did."
"Drinkability- I don't think I got a bad bottle. Wish I did though. Don't be fooled by the scent on this one. I've had a few altbiers and none of them tasted like this."
"Drinkability: I will have no trouble finishing the half-liter bottle of this I bought, and I might want more afterwards. I'd love to try this with German food."
"Overall: I’m not impressed with my first altbier, but I’m sure that this is hardly the best of the style."
"Though I have not hade many alts, this is one of the better ones that I have tried."
"Ahh the Schwelmer Alt. A nice solid Alt Bier if you are in the mood for a good German beir. YA! This beer has a good malty base and mild carbonation indicative of the German Alt style. I really enjoyed this beer after a hard day at work. I appreciated this beer as a good solid representative of its style. A smooth and flat beer of the German Alt style of beers."
"Clear burgandy tone. Medium sized biege head. Retention is good as is the lace. Rings of droopy lace are left in moderate quantities. Not much carbonation noted from the appearance. Nice aroma of almonds, toffee and caramel. Nicely pronounced. Nice flavor. Walnuts and toffee. Nougat and caramel. Nice dry finish. Just a little buttery. Overall, good though. Mouthfeel is agreeable. Drinkability, quite good. This is a solid alt."
"500 ml flip top bottle. Pours out a very dark brown color with a huge, rocky head. Nutty toasted malt aroma. Flavor is very malty, with a little caramel and a tasty walnut flavor. The finish is metallic, with just a little hint of hopiness. Medium to full mouthfeel is just about perfect. Great drinkability too. I really enjoy this beer. The flavors are subtle, but work very well. If it were just a little hoppier, it would be the perfect alt."
"overall, a pretty good and very easy to drink beer, not overly exciting but enjoyable nonetheless."
"A very pleasant and satisfying Alt."
"A good enough drinker, pleasing if not all together simple."
"I thought this beer was well balanced and had a nice flavor. Although, it seemed rather average for its style. I still think it would go great with a burger."
"Not bad. Not fantastic, but a fine beer, indeed."
"Overall: The last of the four Schwelmers that I picked up from Hollingshead Deli in Orange, CA, all cost $2.69 each. Nothing earth shattering about this one, as with the Bernstein it looks much better than it tastes…..I won’t be trying this one again, but at least I have another reusable flip-top bottle for my Home-Brewing pals."
"poured into a pint glass, average pour, average head, average lacing as it left a faint ring with each pull. smelled just like the description on the bottle, made with malt, hops and water. I thought the malt may have been toasted a bit. The campfire dryness in the aftertaste gives it away. bitter notes hit the palate later as the beer warms up. This is a well balanced beer and I enjoyed it more towards the end every time. I don't know what the serving temp this is recomended at but I'd say 55 was perfect."
"An OK beer but Alaskan Amber beats it. It don't think Alt is a beer style that travels all that well. I LOVED the Schwelmer Hefe Weizen but I don't like this one nearly as well."
"stubby,11.2 ounce, Belgian style bottle, ""best before end"" date is not ledgible on bottle. Pours chocolaty brown, with an of white head that initially was rocky and puffy, then dissolved to a medium thickness film and leaving nicely developed and well scattered lacing. Nose is thinly of malt. the mouthfeel is disappointingly thin and unsatisfying. Notes of chocolate, bananas, caramel, fair Alt, but too lacking in body, malty character and mouthfeel for my liking."
"Three thumbs up."
"Drinkability is very high, much like a good brown ale with a bit of wheat in it. Very nice and the best Alt I've had so far."
"Drinkability: overall, I found this alt to be a bit of a let-down after my positive experiences with Schwelm's hefeweizen and pils. The metallic taste still hasn't left my mouth and that's a deal-killer for me. I'll pass on this one from now on."
"Pours deep mahogany, a really nice looking beer. Some frothy off-white head with decent retention and lacing. Moderately carbonated. Looks like a heavy beer, but isn't. Smell consisted of light-medium sweet malts with hops and a hint of alcohol mixed in. Taste was a good balance of light caramel biscuity malts paired with a solid hop. Pretty good, rather refreshing, I'd drink it again."
"The color of the beer is a translucent deep brown with good carbonation. Decent head and some lacing as it recedes. The smell is of dark roasted malts. The taste is also of nice dark roasted malt and not very much hop presence. Also has a nice sweet malt aftertaste. Mouthfeel is kind of thin but refreshing. This is a good beer but nothing that special. Drinkablility is good. Not sure I would seek this beer out again but I would drink it over many other beers."
"appearance can best be described as a second-day pour from a half closed cola bottle. dark, clear, with big fat bubbles and no head. scent is a faint roasted malt.. taste is very obtuse. lots of overripe banana, malt, and sharp clove with a tang finish. looks like coke, tastes something like dr. pepper. mouthfeel is nice and light but drinkability is limited due to its shocking spice. not a winner in my book.. bad keg?"
"This is my favorite altbier to date."
"Nice auburn color in the glass. Aroma is clean, noble hop aroma. Taste is dry with a slightly astringent finish. I love Alts that display the munich and vienna character. This one has a little to much hop bitterness. Medium body is very drinkable. A lover of the Alt style will have no problem with this beer."
"0.5L swing top bottle, best before end 88 10 50 on back label. Purchased at Green's in Atlanta, GA for a steal at $2.30."
"Poured a clear brown/caramel, no head to speak of, smell was very vague hint of chocolate, taste was thin flat and tangy and watery, some hop bitterness, hint of malt as well, reminded me a lot of a cask ale,cold coffee flavor. Mouthfeel, is watery with low carbonation, drinkability is o.k, I guess I have to get used to this style, I like the cask taste though."
"I mainly bought this beer so that I could use the bottle for my homebrew, but also because I am starting to try my hand at more german styles. I have had an alt before, but wasn't too impressed. This one was pretty solid and nice style change to mix things up. The color was medium brown with a copper glow. The head was really not there. The aroma reminded me a lot of an oud bruin. There was a doughy, rotting fruit presence. The taste was a crisp malt with a nice hoppy backbone. The mouthfeel was a little thin and kind of left you hanging, but it was still refreshing. There seems to be a bit of dryness to the finish, but it pairs well with this beer. Nice alt!"
"Cool swing top bottle pours a clear dark brown with a huge foamy light brown head that leaves lots of sticky lacing in my glass. Dark fruit and caramel aromas, nutty caramel and woody flavors, light bodied with a kind of watery mouthfeel, finishes a bit sour."
"Lightly sweet caramel, toasted malt, and spicy hop aroma. Fine bubbled cocoa colored head is huge, fades slowly leaving tons of lace. Streams of fine bubbles rise through the root beer colored liquid Light malt flavor up front with a bit of caramel. Lightens up in the middle and starts to get a little grainy until a spicy, hop tea takes it into the finish. Moderately light bodied beer, mouthfeel is smooth and dry. She's a looker, and tastes good to boot."
"Brew is presented in a 1 Pt 0.9 FL OZ swing top bottle with a “best before end” date on the back although I am not 100% sure how to read it. The number is 881050? Anyway … I digress! The brew pours to a deep brown color with a huge head that has very good retention and leaves thick chunky lacing at the top and nice rings as you get further down the glass. The aroma of this brew is very heavy on the malt with some fruit and nut like esters that go very nice with the offering. The taste is good, extremely smooth and has a cream (?) like characteristic. The malt dominates the taste of this brew with a roasted flavor but I can also notice a hop like characteristic along with a smoky nutty taste. Over all I feel that this is a pretty good brew, one that some of my less adventurous friends might take a likeness too? I would have this one again, but it would not be one that I go out specifically to get."
"Pours a deep brown chestnut color with a firm offwhite head that leaves a decent lace. Aromas consist of carmelized sugars, toffee, and a slight nutty bread like tone. Initial flavors start off quite malty with tones of toffees and caramels along with a slight bready quality to it. There is a slight metallic taste in this brew, I'm not sure if it comes from the water or something else but it does take away from the overall flavor. The finish is bright and sweet, with a nice bready and caramel flavor to it with a decent bitterness. Overall a decent alt but there are way better out there.."
"This sure isn’t a bad looking beer. Poured from a half-liter swing-top bottle, it’s a deep, dark brown color with a towering rocky head. Lots of lace from this one. The aroma is serious caramel, slightly malty, and a little hops. Taste is grainy and a little bready. Initially there’s a moderate sweetness, but the beer starts to dry out in the mid-taste. Medium body and fairly drinkable. There’s a nicely balanced hop finish as well. Overall, it’s a fairly good Alt."
"0.33L (11.2 oz.) stubby bottle. Schwelmer Alt pours a crystal clear ruby/brown. Head is tan in color, creamy and dense with moderate lacing. Aroma is caramelized grains and toasted nuts along with an odd semi-metallic, hard water-like note. Flavors are of soft sweet wort, caramel, multi-grain bread and subdued spicy, earthy hops. Metallic notes soften but the body also weakens as it warms. Not a bad brew but probably not something I'll go back to. Of the Schwelmer Alt, Bernstein and Pils, the Pils is the clear standout."
"Drinkability – This clumsy effort wasn’t all that bad but I certainly wouldn’t recommend it."
"Poured into an imperial pint glass, formed a 1"" beige head above the dark copper brew. Good foamy bits of lacing from a head that just isn't moving. Aroma is light, of caramel malts and slight hops notes. Taste is initially of full caramel malts, fading to a slight fruit tang, and then ends with a mess of somewhat metallic bitterness. Mouthfeel and drinkability are are affected by the end of each mouthful, unfortunately, since it was nice until then. Potential, yes. Follow-through, no."
"Simply delicious and well-crafted. I found this most enjoyable and wouldn't mind keeping a couple at hand, it's just so easy to drink with its well balanced flavors and it just looks like a million bucks."
"Drinkability & Notes: Quite the enjoyable brew, have not quaffed an Alt like this for some while. Seemed to go great with some Teriyaki Chicken and Crab Rangoon."
"This is a good rendition. Although not quite Uerige or Moosejaw good, but along those same lines."
"Oddly, I think I prefer the pils over this one. Very dark brown, but perfectly clear. The head builds easily and is slow to fade. Nutty, slightly hoppy aroma is followed by a flavor full of nuts, wood and a bit of cherry. This would be quite tasty except that the bitterness at the end is a bit awkward and mixes with a slightly sour aftertaste that keeps it from being as enjoyable as it could be."
"The beer pours a very dark brown with a nice tan head. It's aroma is pretty basic just toasted malt and hints of hops. The taste is a nice mix of toasted malt, sweet malt, and hops. It starts with a light coffee taste up front, moves to an almost cherry sweetness in the middle, then finishes with a faint hop twist. The feel is pretty much down the middle, a bit of body and slightly dry. A very nice beer, with a pleasant blend of tastes that keep you interested, but not too much of any one thing."
"The beer pours a translucent dark brown color with a thick frothy offwhite head that slowly fades. The aroma is good. It has a dry, yet malty scent that boasts of pale and crystal malts along with some hops as well; excelllent balance. The taste is decent. It has a weak and watery flavor that boasts of pale and crystal malts along with bitter hops and a dry finish. It goes down easy and finishes with hops in the aftertaste. The mouthfeel is decent. It is a medium bodied beer with good carbonation. It has a watery feel that takes away from the mouthfeel. This is a good drinking alt. . It has good aroma and decent flavor."
"The color is a very dark amber with avery nice foamy beige head. There is a distinct carmel aroma, but nothing else. A watery mouthfeel. None ot the carmel promised in the aroma. Only a light non descript sweetness followed by an easy bitterness with a dry finish."
"Tawny port brown, topped by a fairly chunky, creamy head. Aroma is of malt, pretty big on the Munich. There is a hint of milk chocolate and some dark fruitiness. Considering the aroma it is relatively light in flavor in the mouth. Big, toasty malt flavor comes across as a little oxidized. Hopping is nice, slight vegetal flavor and lingering bitterness. Aftertaste is a little nutty, but this is neutralized by a metallic, hard water flavor that is pervasive throughout this brew. Also, there is a slightly tart quality that seems to come out as it warms. Body is pretty light, and carbonation is fine but intense."
"This was a treat. Started off well with a nice big pop when I let loose on the swing top. Pour looked just like root beer in color and head. In fact the cream colored head has lasted and left lace in my glass. Aroma is of typical German malt (read: brown bread). Taste is also very pleasant, small carbonation hits the tongue, the malt is low. Metallic notes and fruitiness in the towards the end, also some hop bitterness in the finish. Still pretty smooth, and at that abv, you can make a sesseion of them. Nice to see another German Alt available on our shores, keep 'em coming."
"This Duesseldorf style Alt-Bier has been my favorite Alt for years while living in Germany. In comparison to many other Alts this one is slightly sweeter and smoother than for example a Diebels Alt from Dusseldorf. Now in its new Flip-Top-Bottle this beer is real gem!"
"Pretty enjoyable overall, glad I got to try it."
