review_text
""
""
"http://abarwithnoname.wordpress.com"
"Despite the higher price and 'premium' branding, this comes across as worse than many macro lagers. What little flavour there is will not reward you. Unworthy of your time or money; give it a miss."
"First try with the style, and even with that it seems a bit thin. Still very drinkable and I could see it pairing with many foods."
"Drinkability: Did what I wanted it to do - clean off strong flavors between portions of the meal, and really is a beer which does seem to really borrow from Champagne - the yeast it uses does show through in this beer. This is a highly carbonated beer - it's not fizzy water - it has flavor and it's good, but it's unusual. I would have had another with the meal had it been offered, but really, one is okay and it's enough as well."
"not too good - really dissapointing from a nicely bottled, good sounding and decent selling beer."
"Note: Champagne-like but the flavors aren't that great. Ok for showing what the style is like but not a great beer."
"Although this beer was mediocre, the style intrigues and excites me, and I can't wait to try more."
"First of all, £1.99 and they couldn't spring for brown glass? Bah. I must say, though, it looks like a million bucks - most people could probably be easily tricked into thinking it's champagne. Same pale yellow, same streams of bubbles, same frothy, fizzy, fleeting white head. Surprisingly, it actually smells a bit like champagne, too. It has a musty-yet-fruity quality, and in fact, it smells more like champagne than beer, delicately fruity and vinous with a mild apple sweetness and lemon bitterness. Bone-dry and very light in terms of flavor - this tastes like some kind of weird shandy-type concoction made from Stella, brut champagne, and club soda. But what it lacks in impact and depth, it makes up for with sheer clarity and refreshment. This beer is interesting in that it is very unique, but on the other hand it is uninteresting in that it is bland, bland, bland."
"D- ""This beer sucks"". Looks and feels good...if that's the kind of beer you like, here you go. Just be prepated for a skunky void of flavor."
"D - ONCE drinkable - I think you should try it"
"Mouthfeel could very well be compared to Champagne, light bodied with a crisp and sharp carbonation"
"The yeast is what makes this beer, and perhaps the process (I'm not sure). Cost-wise, the yeast shouldn't have any bearing, so it must be process (which I also question), but honestly, it doesn't really come off as anything more than a very well done and softly-bitter pilsner (and that's allowing the flawed aroma). I enjoyed it quite a bit, but I don't think it's worth the cost."
"Coors!"
"It is a very different beer that went well with my complex meal. I would have it again with spicy food and certain meals, but would not pound this beer at a bar."
"Don't bother."
"Overall, good looks is all that this beer has. I have to admit, this was the first Bière de Champagne I tried. In contrary to what I read in other reviews, the one I bought was quite cheap, less than 1.5 euros for the bottle."
"An interesting creation. A bit too much like a thin watery macro light in feel except for the carbonation. Not my cup of tea but not everything is. Those who like malt duck and the like but are looking for a beer like beverage of pedigree may find happiness here."
"6/4/7/4/13 (3.4/5)"
"A fancy champagne lager that is too plain for its own good. I've never had a Biere Brut before, so I'm not quite sure how to effectively judge this beer against its style. Well, the beer looks a lot like an actual champagne, but it's rather unexciting in my eyes. Small bubbles rise in very pale golden liquid. There's essentially no head after a few seconds in much the manner of champagne. It could be sparkling apple cider, a light one with this pale of a color. The aroma is fairly plain but good lager. There are some tart green apple notes floating about. I guess I just expect more out of this style. I'll have to come back and raise the score if I try a few more and they're much like this one. The flavor is plain but good, light lager with more tart apple notes. There is some light Belgian fruitiness and a dry finish. It's all very close to plain jane lager with the pleasure of champagne yeast thrown into the mix. It's certainly not worth the high price tag, which is, of course, the one thing preventing me from trying two or three more examples of this style. I'm thankful that I could buy a single 330ml bottle and didn't waste my money on a full 750ml or whatever they sell Scaldis Prestige or DeuS with their exorbitant price tags. I'll be buying this style by the glass in the future."
"Anyway, for a review of this beer, just look at Natural Light, then put money signs around it, and think about what you have. This beer is the marketing miracle of the century. No depth, complexity or, for that matter. merit to its outrageous price."
"Kasteel Cru is extremely light and refreshing. The color is pale gold with heavy carbonation that causes a wonderful head that is reminiscent of champagne. It is a very delicate beer with very little hops and a dry, sweet finish. I think that the flavor starts like a beer but finishes like a champagne."
"Kasteel Cru is an exceptionally pale straw colour, but is perfectly clear. I may have been drinking this out of completely the wrong type of glass in using a tulip glass, but it served to highlight the fact that there are few aromas to be had from the beer, aside from some faint yeastiness. However, not unpleasant at all. The taste is similarly on the minimal side, but some pleasing floral and yeasty notes and very crisp. Good taste for what it is, and no sour aftertaste. The beer is not excessively fizzy. While perfectly drinkable, after one you'll probably be wanting to try something different."
"D: I'd find it hard to drink regularly, or even another bottle. Kind of bland."
"3 M&2 D: nicely carbonated, not crisp but clean enough on the mouthfeel; alas, the flavour is almost too restrained to be enjoyable. Amongst only few so-called Champagne beers I've tasted, this one by far is the least impressive..."
"Pours a very pale crystal clear straw color with a champagne like head that quickly dissipates into nothingness. The aroma is almost non-existant; a touch of grain and some white grape sweetness. The taste is on the sweet side, definitely has champagne characteristics. The flavor is of white grapes, a very light hint of honey, and the champagne yeast strain. Similar to a macro or Euro lager but without the adjuncty flavors. The feel is light, but not exactly watery, softer carbonation than expected, and finishes slightly tart. A ho-hum brew, with no exciting flavors. However it is easy to drink and a good change up brew."
"D - Reminiscent of a macro lager in many ways. Very bland and disappointing."
"Other comments: Interesting idea (even though it was basically stolen from Belgium), but a rather insipid beer. Tastes like a water-down euro-lager with a dash of SHAMpagne. Looks were very deceiving with this one."
"An odd one, not particularly exciting"
