review_text
"D: The beer goes down very easily and is quite refreshing."
"I like this. Great refreshment! Poured with a huge, foamy, frothy, short lived, off white head and no lace. Color is clear at first with both big and small bubble trails then turns a hazy amber. Aroma is hop, yeast, malt. Flavor is slightly malt sweet, some hop, and a bit of tang from CO2. Body itself is ok, but the carbonation is excellent. Finish is like flavor and slowly tapers off. Session beer, but beware serious burpage."
"Certainly not a chugger. The carbonation levels make sure of that. Any brisk-paced drinking is pretty much impossible, but then again, this isn't the beer for that sort of drinking anyway. This beer is entirely unique and tremendous in its own way."
"D: this really is helluva good beer, if only I haven't lost a third of it due to improper handling... My third Champagne beer so far (the second being the same beer in a clear, better presentation), and this one doesn't disappoint. With or without the yeast, it drinks anything but identical and equally nice. Hight recommended for those taking a trip to Praha~~"
"An unusual one, a very low abv biere de champagne and not along the same lines as say Deus or Malheur. It reminded me on a low abv wheat beer with a bit more fizz. A really interesting beer, and very drinkable"
"I can't say I would exactly quaff down this beer as I did in many other places in the Czech Republic, however, it was thoroughly drinkable and i would definitely go back for more and more."
"This beer is bottle only. I had it at the brewpub. Make sure you ask for it. It may not be in the same style as say malhuer Brut or Deus, but it is closer to them than any other beer I've had. It is a clear, light gold with a spritzy head that dissipates fast. The aroma is citrussy-lemon with some grain and tartness is apparent. It tastes flowery/perfumy with some citrus zest flavor. It is very dry with a spritzy carbonation. The body is light on the very refreshing and awesome beer."
