review_text
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Overall, this is the best Atwater Block beer I've had, the only one that the body wasn't light to the point of distraction. It's not a great beer but it's plenty tolerable. Atwater: more such essays, please."
"Poured a bottle of this into a pint glass. The color was a nice deep brown that was clear. The head was a light tan color. The aromas were roasted, malts some nuts and sugars. There wasn't much of a hops aroma. The Taste was slightly bitter and dry. The mouthfeel was on the lighter side for a dark beer. This brew was just a decent one for me. I can live without having this one again. But it might be worth a try."
"O: The beer is very easy to drink and is also a good representation of the style."
"D: Pretty good overall drinkability a bit off for a dunkle but good non the less."
"EDIT2: Shortly after reviewing this beer I contacted the brewery to tell them about my infected six pack, they responded the next day, they apologized and told me it was and old batch and that they would be happy to contact my distributor and get me a replacement. Three weeks later I got an email from my local distributor telling me that they had dropped my beer of at local store. I went to pick it up and found they had given me two six packs instead of the one replacement. I think it was very nice of Atwater to do this, it shows that they really do care about their customers. This batch was spot on and just as good as I remembered. I have updated the rating to reflect this. Thanks Atwater from making a great dunkel and for taking care of your customers."
"The draft version was about the same as the bottle but may have been more enjoyable on draft as it had a nice dark color and flavor profile while being a light drinker in alcohol, making it sessionable."
"Bottle sample courtesy of my friend Nick- A deep cola pour with a frothed beige cap. Nose of spoiled cabbage and smoke, some fruit. Tastes of sweet cabbage, smokey chocolate, bitter fruits. Medium bodied, nasty cabbage aftertaste. Unfortunately a drainpour."
"Drinks very smooth, sessionable with the best Munich Dunkels."
"Overall: This beer had a decent nose but lack in the taste department.The mouthfeel is slightly astringent."
"This one has a significant yuck-yum factor. The aroma is alright. It's light but mildly chocolaty, with cream soda, brown sugar, tea, and dark malts. The appearance is brown with a medium sized head. The flavor is where this one starts to have problems. You first get a bad fruitiness that is like over ripe watermelon and basil then a nice chocolaty, dark malt flavor follows. Finally there is an astringent bitter aftertaste. The palate is thin. This one has major problems with off flavors but there is potential."
"Bottle. A dark brown pour with way too much head,foam all over. Aroma of dark bread and burnt plastic. Flavor is heavy on the malt, like burnt caramel,tea and something else ? Sorry this was not for me. I will try this again if I get the chance to see if maybe the sample was just bad."
"If you took out the taste the body was a good coonsistency and carbonation, I will try this again at the MI Beer fest this weekend and see if it was a bad batch."
"Drinkability is average due mostly to the carbonation. I had great hopes for this brew and was completely let down."
"Mouthfeel and Drinkability: As with the Pils from Atwater, this is another case study in quality control, it is overcarbonated to the nth degree and that smelly little kid is still waddling around with his water-wings on, or a fat lazy guy at the public pool sitting on a raft with his head and the zenith of his belly just above water-the raft sunken under water by his weight, but still having enough buoyancy to keep his head and hairy navel above the water for all the world to see-the point is this plasticy aroma-band aids. And as with the Pils it also finishes quite dry. I'm on the sidelines as to whether I'd buy this again, I might at a much later date just to see if I was just having bad luck with the batches and carbonation."
"D: Easy to drink and a decent dunkel."
"Higher but somewhat dull carbonation. As I said it seemed highly carbonated when poured but there isn't much as far as bubbly brightness. Somewhat matted and slick. Just a hint of dry warmth is noticeable in the finish. I enjoyed this one with pork and sauerkraut on New Years Day and it paired reasonably well but not a great drinker on its own in my opinion. Somewhat lacking overall."
"Beautiful appearance. Nice and dark like weak coffee with a thick off-white head. Heavy sweet carmel and coffee aroma. Maybe a touch of smoke as well. Tastes great! Sweet coffee and carmel and toffee kind of taste with roasted malt and a general pleasant sweetness. This is my favorite style of beer and the hometown Detroit Atwater Brewery did a hell of a job brewing it. I really like this beer a lot. Nice and chewy and easy to drink. I have more that I could say about this beer but the baby's crying. I highly recommend it. And the ABV is 5.2%, by the way."
"The smell and appearance is nothing out of the ordinary but the taste will make you smile the second it hits your lips."
"The drinkability was good, and easy drinking beer. Prosit MK"
"Drinkability: Out of six different Atwater brews, this one was by far the best of the bunch, but still just wasn't worth it."
"Medium, grainy with a mouthfull of Eurohops on the finish, with lingering dryness. Overall full to the style."
"Taste is very much like the aroma but multiplied. Big dark bread grainy malts with a caramel toffee sweetness. Again milk chocolate is there and dominates the mid palate with a sliced vanilla bean hint. A bit roasty on the finish but not too much so. Very simple yet flavorful beer. Nice carbonation with a creamy mouthfeel. One to session."
"Light mouthfeel,some grainyness,with a slight bit of cloying. Not a bad tasting beer,slightly on the bland side. Not a beer i would want to drink a lot of."
"Appearance a caramel brown cola tone with a large tan beige head forms large bands of lace as it dwindles and between each sip. Aroma mild cocoa tone and mild cookie dough with a creamy mild lactic character and a touch of herbal hops. Flavor moderate roasty sweetness dark chocolate and a mild tart lactic creaminess blend nicely with herbal hops interesting mix of flavors touch of mineral fruity raisin quality in the finish. Mouthfeel is light to medium in body with a healthy amount of carbonation that almost gets in the way of drinkabiilty terrible compared to the velvet quality of Penn Dark. Drinkability is okay not a dunkel I would reach for again in the future I have a general issue with Atwater beers I can't quite put my finger on the reason why."
"I really enjoy this beer and look forward to drinking more Detroit beers (this is the first time I've seen this brewery's beers for sale here in Oklahoma City)."
"Pours with a thick 2-finger head, it is very dark but you can see through it. There is a slight 'bready' smell as it is poured. The taste is all malt, but not sweet, very little hop presence. It seems to dry out the tongue, doesn't leave lots behind. The mouthfeel is nice, a little on the creamy side, but not thick feeling. I am just beginning to explore the traditional (German-type) lagers, so I don't know if this is representative of the style. All in all, I think this is a beer worth trying, but I am not sure I will purchase again."
"Overall a good, solid beer. Not too extreme, but it doesn't fade into the background easily."
"Overall: An interesting sour/sweet flavor, nothing to write home about though. All in all a mostly unremarkable brew. Worth a try."
"Pretty brownish/reddish body with a white head that falls pretty fast to a ring.The bottem of my flute is a lighter color then the top of the flute.Smell is some fruit and carmel.The taste isnt bad at all,it has some carmel notes and fruity notes as well.I see what people say about the carbonation,it is a bit overly carbonated,like soda.Very clean after taste,there is no lacing on my glass at all.I dont really know if I taste the hops in here.The mouthful is sweet and pleasent and on the light side.As the beer warms up it seems to water down in my opinion.But it still has that steller smell.I liked it,im glad I got a chance to try it.Good job to Atwater brewery."
"Found myself impressed with this brew after being a bit disapointed with a few other Atwater Block Brews. I really felt that this one fit the style well. The color was a cola-like brown / mohogany with timid staying power with carbonation and head retention. The aromas are a lightly toasted maltiness with moderate sweetness, hop balance, and breadiness. A pretty basic flavor profile, but with ideal balance. The texture was quite smooth and modestly rich, although watered late. The brew found to be characterful, flavorful, and hightly drinkable with very faint flaws. But because of it's timid nature, difficult to applaude as well."
"Pours a two finger off-white head that fades to a thin layer leaving some lace. Deep mahogany color. Good carbonation and medium bodied. Sour nose. Starts like a lambic, tart fruity, nothing like a dunkel, hints of malt in the background. $1.69 for a 12oz bottle from John's Grocery Iowa City, IA."
"I would order another, but I wouldn't necessarily go out of my way for it."
"This is my first review, though I've been drinking quality beer for years. Overall, it started off a little weak and kind of grew on me. The color seemed pretty typical for a german dark and the smell was ok. Taste improved as I made my way through the beer, which I poured into a glass beer stein. Mouthfeel, which is definitely something i dont analyze much yet, seemed a little more champagne-like than a beer should be? its drinkable though and the flavor picks up the more you drink, leaving you considering having more."
"Slightly on the flat side but the texture otherwise is very pleasant and frankly I'm enjoying this enough that I'd gladly have a few. Good."
"POured a dark ruby red with a hin of a creamy head which turned into a light lace around the rim. Smells of malt, caramel, and astringent fruit. Tastes like a fruity wine. Slight bitterness but an overwhelming sour fruit, grapes. Slight sourness at the back of the throat. Mouthfeel is light and smooth. This resembles a red wine too much without the dryness."
"Would be a very nice beer, but the contamination takes away from the experience."
"Atwater Dunkel pours a dark brown body beneath a cremy head of tan that drops steadily to an average collar. Lacing is limited to a few spots and splashes here and there. The nose expresses a gentle, caramel-edged maltiness. In the mouth it's medium bodied and crisp with a perhaps slightly elevated carbonation given the style. The flavor is pretty much as the nose indicates, with mild dark-caramel and subtle roastiness, and a bit of fruitiness. It finishes dry, and acidic from the dark malts. A fairly average dunkel, but enjoyable nonetheless."
"i have had atwater before and there lagers are great, i have had this before i reviewed this beer, and i will try it again and re-review it. but i hate getting a sour beer, it not to sour but, i am dumping this brew. (plays taps) <i'm also going to write the brewery and complain!"
"Beer poured a dark brown with a fine fluffy tan-white head. Nose is of sweet toasted malts, quite pleasant as it warms. Taste initially was very malty with a dry hop finish. The sweet malts and the lager style are becoming more prevelant as it warms. Mouthfeel is become smoother and creamier as I progress through this brew. Overall drinkability is pretty good. This is a nice little beer that is worth a try."
"Poured a deep reddish-brown color with very creamy tannish head. Left profuse lacing as the head fell. Same is dominated by rich dark molasses with a slight roasted note also found. Taste is very sweet, mainly of dark fruit, moderated a a distinct hop bitterness. Finsh is more dry than sweet. An OK Beer, but nothing great. One is enough."
"D—I liked it. The other two I received will be enjoyed to the fullest."
"D: Eh. Not that impressive. Not bad but not great."
"I recieved this in my Beer of the Month Club shipment for the month of May and finally had the chance to taste it. It is a good tasting beer that is sort of malty. It is not hoppy at all. I enjoyed the tan head on the beer. It was a little on the thick side but I could drink quite a few of these if needed."
"Verdict: I am not impressed. Atwater Dunkel is one-dimensional, and a weak dimension at that."
"Overall impression: Very enjoyable. Dark and brooding but balanced enough not to fatigue the palate. Recommended."
"The beer pours a dark brown color with a thick tan head that slowly fades to lacing. The aroma is good. It has a sweet crystal malt scent along with a slightly roasted malt aroma. It's dry and a bit fruity from the yeast. The taste is average. It has a sour crystal malt flavor. It's sweet, but the dryness ruins the overall taste. It also has a sharp roasted character. The mouthfeel is average as well. It is a medium bodied beer with a little too much carbonation. This is a forgettable black lager."
"Looks pretty nice, apearing very deep brown, almost black, yet yielding easily to light. Fairly nice offwhite head as well. The smell is mainly lager yeast with a bit of black malt. In both the smell and the taste, hops are virtualy undetectable. There is a bit of depth to the malt profile, and there are some yeasty flavors as well. I am detecting a hint of a sour/sulphur aftertaste. It's gotta be either the yeast or the water. I've gotta say that is a pretty sizable flaw. The feel is bubbly, but also slightly sticky. I really wish I liked this beer more."
"There was much I liked about this beer, but it had a slight tartness that detracted from my overall enjoyment."
"Quite dark with gorgeous dark ruby highlights. Thin, very light tan head that thins quickly to a collar, but produces some lacing. Hops jump out in the aroma, a bit floral and spicy, roast malts and brown sugar lie underneath. Some cocoa and roast in the flavour to start things, followed by a hint of malt sweetness. Burnt character really comes through. It finishes with lingering hop flavour and bitterness that's a little harsh and not helped by astringency from the grain. Light body and dry, but still has a bit of syrupy texture. Fairly unbalanced with some harshness that I didn't enjoy."
"Mouthfeel is smooth, crisp, and sweetly refreshing. I'm usually not a huge fan of this style but I thouroghly enjoyed this."
"Slàinte!"
"Not bad. Poured out to a dark amber / brown color with a nice head and some lace around the glass. Medium low carbonation. Odors of grain and light smoke were noted. Somewhat of a roasted character. Flavor was pretty good, but slightly bland. Notes of malt and cooked corn were present, along with a burnt sugar quality. Mildly creamy mouthfeel went down easy. I'd drink this again."
"Medium to light mouth that is interupted by the sharp carbonation. Not interesting enough to keep me from ordering something else for the next round."
"This beer departs the bottle a nice ambered brown color, with a finger of head that falls to coat the beer. The nose is very roasty, almost like very deeply roasted nuts and lots of lagery goodness to boot. The flavor is very roasty. Much better than some of the other dark lagers I've had recently. I like it. Almost a burnt character on the malt. The feel is a bit thin for my liking, just a bit lighter than a medium feel. Overall, its nice and smooth. The flavor is good and everything comes together well. I like it."
"Deep bister with a trace haze. Tall, dense, pitted light beige head leaves lace. Hints of bitter cocoa and smoky black malt in aroma. Toasted malt and dilute nut hints surface as the beer warms. Prosaic aromawise. In flavor, prevalent in malt character is acidic roasted grain tartness. Sweetness is meager, with tepid notes of dark caramel and toffee providing token balance. Lightly bittered, yet overtly dry due to the high attenuation. Trace herbal hop flavor. Thin in body and only a notch above watery. Dark chocolate hints surface as the beer breathes, but remain overly understated. Finishes with burnt nut hints fleeting quickly into a bland void. A simplistic and unimpressive dunkel."
"Tasted: 08/25/04"
"A good, yet un-inspiring offering. Chestnut brown in color with a decent fluffy top. Aromas are a bit overworked, with deep roasted aromas that border scorched. Mostly caramel, malt, some nutiness, in aroma and flavor, yet roasted to the point of becoming somewhat burnt tasting. The beer seems to be just a tad over the top, yet not in a balanced sort of way. I'd like a tad less blackness, and a bit more restraint, and a little more in the refreshing category, but thats just me."
"A solid but somewhat uninspired offering from the folks by the river. Deep, dark brew with a thick, offwhite head. Looks quite good. Little to no aroma except for hints of big, burly, roasted malts. A little chocolate in the background. Flavor is completely dominated by the roasties. Pretty one-dimension, though not at all unpleasant. Just pretty average. Pint went down pretty easy."
"This is a darker lager and a style I admire, with a body that is a tad beyond dark amber/copper and more toward bronze. It is full bodied almost to a fault and creates a feel a bit toward syrupy. The drinkability is affected by this, dragging down a fairly sweet taste that seemed reasonably well controlled and balanced. A decent look and aroma make this a desirable beer, but not a top beer."
