review_text
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"The taste is heavily toasted bread, fermenting plums, hints of earth, chocolate, and burnt sugar. It starts off a little sweet up front with faint sourness and burnt bitterness. However, the finish is more interesting, lightly spicey-peppery with a quality of root beer mixed with burnt toast. It's mostyl rather bland but it does have a little complexity and is light and rather drinkable. It seems a pretty middle-of the road dunkel for me."
"From a 12 oz bottle this poured a chocolate brown with a small and quick fading light tan head and minimal lacing. Mouthfeel is medium and fairly smooth. Nose roasted malts, and some roasted nuts. Flavor is of burnt malts and some chocolate. Sweet finish."
"drinkability is good. this is an easy going dunkel with good concentration and solid flavors, just a bit thin on the texture and body."
"Poured a dark brown with a little head that dropped quickly to a ring around the edge which left a little lacing. It had a hazy appearance which surprised me a little, I was expecting a dark beer but with clarity which this didn't have. It has a sweet malty smell with no hop aroma. The taste is sweet up front with some toffee notes carrying it through, finishing clean. This one is all malt, but it is good. The mouthfeel is velvety smooth and a pleasure going down. I enjoyed this beer, a little too sweet and maybe too one-dimensional to really stand out, but interesting enough to be enjoyable."
"My second dark lager of the evening....a murky brown lager that pour with ample carbonation, but somehow the head falls flat....disappointing. The nose is interesting...sort of a caramel and chocolate affair. Tastes almost like a weizenbock to me, with a soft mouthfeel and sweet caramel malt and toffee flavors. The bitterness is restrained, but a tart, mineral-laden finish is sort of interesting. This lager comes across fairly hearty for its four percent alcohol and it's fruity character (buried underneath the caramel malt) almost has thinking of British Mild. Overall, this is a lager that drinks more like an ale; it gets better as it warms up, fruitier and more tart. I would like to experience this beer on tap."
"12 oz. brown longneck with no freshness date. It pours a lightly-hazed mahogany with medium carbonation, topped with an inch of khaki head that leaves light lacing. The aroma consists of caramel, lightly roasted, and dark malts backed by an almost cloying sweetness, to which the flavor adds lightly citric hops that contribute a mild bitterness on top of a light, tingly body that imparts a medium finish. Overall not too bad, but it's lacking a certain something - glad to try it but I probably wouldn't revisit."
"Pours a rather quiet deep mahogany with scant tan head and similarly whimpy lace. The aroma captures a fairly typical molasses/brown sugar malt quality, fairly strong with a touch of grassy highlight. The first taste brings a mildly carbonated brown sugar with a bit of bitterness, almost a bit flat as suggested by the lack of foam and lace. There is some grapefruit hidden in here as well. As you go along I think it grows on you and shows some complexity. I'd like to see more wholesome carbonation but the flavor appeals to me, quite sweet. This is easy enough to drink but I don't think it would stand up to drinking more than a couple, needs a little more body or something, but not bad."
"Not a bad dunkel, but no real ""excitement"". However, a good session beer given the ABV and middle of the road character."
"D - A pretty smooth beer overall. It is a pleasant lager, but it isn't worth hunting down."
"Pours a deep brown with almost zero tan headskie. Sweet chewy nose well balanced. Goes down very smooth and is quite easy to drink. If it were just a touch less sweet I could drink it all night. A very decent dark lager. Quite surprised to run into this one, but I'm glad I picked it up."
"Klaster Dark Beer pours a dark mahogany brown with a light brown head from a brown twelve ounce bottle. The aroma is mildly sweet. The taste is pretty much one note, mildly sweet caramel flavor, and maybe just a touch nutty toward the end. I would expect a more malty flavor from a beer this color. The mouthfeel seems a bit thin too. Not bad, but not really good either. I'd just like this beer to taste like more of something, anything."
"Never have a problem with Czech beers anytime. Good dark brown, no lingering head. A whiff of licorice aroma. Medium or less mouthfeel, quite drinkable with active carbonation. Good taste,with chocolate malt, competitive with English browns, with this sessionable ABV."
"D-This is a nice session lager and the sweetness provided by the malt provides a nice counterweight to typical lagers."
"12 oz. bottle- color of dark brown , with a minimal white color head – sweet nose is malty , milk chocolate , dried bananas , and a hint of red berries – taste of malty , sweet dark milk chocolate and vanilla - body silky , and light – aftertaste of dark milk chocolate , malt , and sweet/ sour"
"Poured from the bottle into a pint glass, beer is a brown color with a deep ruby hue and a two-finger, pillowy, cream colored head. The smell is sweet of malt, amber and slightly toasted biscuits. The taste is also quite sweet, with too little bittering hops to balance. The mouthfeel is medium-full bodied with a creamy carbonation. This beer would be more drinkable if it wasn't so sweet. Not a terrible beer, but not very impressive either."
"mouthfeel: nice spitzly like carbination. goood"
"This beer actually caught me by suprise. It is a dark brown in coler and there is a small head and almost no lacing. The smell is sweet and there is caramel in the smell as well as taste. The beer is smooth. This is a nice brown beer that I could drink again sometime."
"This was one of those beers I bought on a whim. Never heard of it, but I am slowly learning about Munich Dunkels. I am now hooked on this beer. I will definately be looking for it in the future."
"Drikability: a very drinkable dunkel lager from the Czech Republic , in the Munich style."
"Not an overwhelming heavy brew, but a good cooler day sipper. It has a creamy finish and.... I think I will have another. Great beer fo a couple, but not too many. Lighter alcohol feel and taste could probably get you later on if you push it. A great beer to try"
"Deep chestnut colored beer. Slight head and some nice lacing. Low aroma-sort of a mellow metallic smell to it. Slightly roasted with a very slight caramel like sweetness. Same traits of the aroma are in the flavor though more amplified. Somewhat nutty tasting. Lingering sweetness in the finish. Decent mouthfeel for only 4%. Not a bad beer-almost too sweet for me for a dunkel. Dry it out a bit it could be a killer beer-especially for a hot day when you want something darker."
"Drinkability: A nice example of the style; very easy to drink"
"nice mouthfeel with good carbonation and at 4% I could drink these all night. This one is slightly past its prime, but still good - I have had fresher examples in the past that were even better. If you are looking for a good introduction to czech dark lagers, look for one of these."
"Overall an easy beer to drink but doesnt leave a lasting impression."
"Easy to consume, easy to forget."
"22 ounce bottle. Klaister Dark Beer has a very dark brown color with a small head. Malty cookie dough aroma and faint hops. The flavor is sort of dopplebock like. Rich, chewy malts. Lighty hopped. Some chocolate notes. Just a little bit fruity. There's a weird flavor that's like bubblegum. The flavor is a little too sweet, but not cloying. Medium mouthfeel. Drinkability is average. I enjoyed my bottle, but I doubt I'd want another. This is a decent beer, but I prefer their pilsner."
"Well done easy drinker. Will make a great session type beer."
"Klaster Dark Beer is a passable Czech version of a Munich dunkel lager, but that's as far as I'm willing to go. I've had good versions of the style, so I know they exist. Unfortunately, this one can't be counted among them."
"Pours a dark brown nearing on black with a short tan head. Smells of bitter coffee and malts, with some dark fruit. Taste has the bitter coffee, then strange dark fruits reminding me of Black Boss porter, and ending with an apple cider sweetness. Mouthfeel is a little watery, but smooth. Overall an alright drinker, lots of flavors, but they don't always jive. Worth a try though"
"Smell was mild malt and a hint of coffee? Taste was pretty much what the nose gave hints of. Mild finish after a thin but not watery mouthfeel. Overall a good experience if not special."
"Quite a nice sweeter-styled dunkel lager."
"I poured out half my sample. Go for the Winter Lager."
"Pours out with a little head which turns into absolutely nothing. Beer looks flat as hell with no lacing at all. Color is a dark brownish red. Has a somewhat pleasant bready, vanilla like smell to it. Smells better than it looks to be sure! Tastes quite sweet initially, then turning somewhat salty with a doughy maltiness. Cannot pick out much hoppiness. Mouthfeel is of little carbonation bubbles on the tongue. I suppose with such low abv this could be a session beer but with so many better choices out there why would you?"
"A good and highly drinkable beer, though a little strange for a dunkel lager."
"from the bottle. poured reddish brown with a light brown head that didn't last very long so no lacing. aroma sweet malts, chocolate, honey, hints of coffee. flavor weak, watery chocolates ,sugar. not impressed with this one. will not buy this one again."
"A good session beer. Pours a slightly red tinged brown. No head whatsoever. Slight carbonation. The aroma is very, very mild malts and hops. Nothing else of note really. The taste is pretty sweet with malt, toffee and molasses. It reminds me of the breads my mom makes during the holidays. Mouthfeel is pretty full, but finishes watered down. Still this makes a great beer to sit down with a six-pack and watch games all afternoon."
"Really goes down easy. No rough edges on this one. A good beer all around. Session stamp of approval."
"A dark brown beer with mahogony highlights when held up to the light. HAs a small dark beige head. There is a dark malt aroma with hints of chocolate and coffee. A light mouthfeel with some prickely carbonation. The taste has a light malty sweetness and there is bit of sugar sweetness on the finish."
"Pours a dark ruby color with a smallish head that drops to a film and leaves no lace. Smell is sweetish, roasted malt, caramel, smoke, grass, fruit, hops and toffee. Taste is similar with roasted malt, hops, toffee, caramel, sweet fruit and a hint of some smokiness. Great complexity and balance. Mouthfeel is a nice balance between the hoppy lager bite and sweetness from the roasted malt. Medium/full body for a lager. Nice effervescence all over the mouth and tongue. Warms the throat slightly. Aftertaste is a bit light, though. Drinkability is vey high, would recommend this brew to anyone."
"Pours a reddish brown color with a this fizzy head it looked like pop,highly carbonated and fizzy.Picked up mainly caramel malt in the aroma along with some light roasted nuttiness.Man the mouthfeel is like pop as well sharp on the tongue and pretty thin.Taste of sweet caramel and roasted grain with even some soapiness in there late.Wow really let down by this beer I really like the Klaster lager and Winter lager but this falls way way short of those two,I'll stick with them."
"This is dessert in a bottle. A most excellent brew."
"A tasty brew, only drawback is that it is a bit too sweet to drink as a session beer."
"Good flavor, but it would benefit from more body."
"pours a muddy dark brown with no head. kind of flat. No carbonation. No date code. Bottle says best before: see label. no code tho. Aroma is sweet raisin and carmel. Flavor is sweet, sweet, sweet. caramel, prune juice, flat Pepsi. old bottle maybe? not too good. If I get a fresher bottle I will re-rate"
"Drinkability: While I still prefer a schwarzbier like Köstritzer, I guzzled it down fast. Very refreshing, but not as refined for my dark-bier palate. About average chance of me purchasing again."
"Drinkability – This is a good, very dark example of the style."
"Poured a chocolate colour with little head, if any. Strong hints of molasses and caramel in both the taste and aroma. Not a bad beer. It was easy to drink and was very comfortable. The biggest downfall was the super sweetness. Other than that, not too shabby."
"Klaster Dark is enjoyable but not compelling."
"Poured from a long-neck green 12 oz bottle, it's a nice-looking brown with just a hint of red. The smell is chocolate and just a bit of caramel with some spice on the back end. The taste is very nice, with lots of flavors floating around despite the low abv. Anyone looking for a new session beer?"
"A bit of a lightweight but pleasant enough."
"This is a deep brown color, almost black. The low carbonation produces a thin tan head. When held up to the light the beer appears quite clear with deep red notes. There are slight roasted malt aromas in the nose. This is quite a sweet beer, and is fairly light bodied as well. The sweetness reminds me of a lactose stout. This is not very roasted tasting. The predominant taste impression is one of sweetness."
"Pours a nice red black color, but lacks head. Smell is pleasing, hoppy and fresh, if it is possible for a beer to smell fresh. Taste is rather good, very sweet, even for a Czech dark lager, but still refreshing and not syrup-like. Could use a little more hops. Goes down easy. Better than average but not great."
"A solid Czech dunkel. the dry finish is my favorite feature, because it's so different from other dark lagers, which normally finish very sweet."
"New beer to try. I was leery due to the green bottle, but it turned out ok. Poured very dark with little head. Coffee and malt nose. Lots of malt taste, with chocolate and coffee(just a hint) a little sweet. Overall very drinkable. Wish it had a little more bite and hops."
"Finish is light and hoppy with a touch of dry malt."
"9/19/03 : A 500ml Bottle - Re-rated the Appearance to 4.0 from 3.5"
"Klaster dark Beer:  half liter euro-style bottle.  has a light licorice aroma and tastes. Deep black color, no head worth speaking of, certainly no lace.  Molasses is the predominant flavor, however, and there is nary a hop to be found.  OK for $1.29 a bottle but do not bother paying more."
"Pours a clear, dark ruby with a nice head.  Smells chocolately, floral (Saaz), and fresh, a little metalic.  Taste is a refreshing mix of sweet chocolate malts and noble hops.  Finishes very clean.  This beer won't ""wow"" you to death but it's a nice, crisp summer quaffer."
