review_text
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"O: Easy drinker, good for a few."
""
""
""
""
""
"Wanted to give this one a try after having the Dinkel Acker Pilsner. This beer is similar to most of the Dunkel beers out there. It's got the muddy brown color with little bit of yellow around the edges. It had the aroma of clove and banana. This beer also has a similar flavor to the pilsner a bit."
"It is extremely drinkable. A winner."
"D- Very drinkable, not complex, but not boring."
"It's a nice lager. It isn't very powerful, but it has decent flavor."
"Poured a thick, oily dark with little head. Smelled and tasted of chocolate with a little hint of coffee. It had a solid body but didn't seem too heavy and was very drinkable. It was the same price as the Miller Lite's so it seemed a pretty good value."
"Poured from a green bottle into a weizen glass. Has a dark brown color with a 1 inch head. Aroma is sweet and slightly fruity. Has a good but not strong flavor with mild bitterness. Feels a little creamy in the mouth. Drinkability is o.k. Overall this is a pretty good beer."
"The overall carbonation was somewhat flat; however, from the past, I know that many munich dunkel beers are like that. I personally like this beer and cannot wait to get another one."
"A very drinkable beer. They taste and mouthfeel really make up for the middle of the road appearance."
"Clear, dark amber with a thin collar of foam that leaves minimal lace. Light toasted graininess in the nose with faint coffee grounds. Tastes of caramel malt, chalky cocoa and finishes with a coffee like bitterness. Light bodied and pleasant but not spectacular."
"A mix of light ruby and dark amber at the bottom of the glass, that slowly descends into darkness as you go from bottom to top. Nice one finger head after the pour, but recedes to a nice film. Great bubblin too. The aroma is Munich malty bread and no real discernable hops. Watery heavily toasted and lightly roased malts. Ths gives a little hint of bread. Then some very faint lemongrass mint evens out the finish. Very smooth, watery a well as a little herbal note in the finish. Very drinkable, just needs some more flavor to make it a better German session beer."
"The taste is a little on the dry side and has toasty bread crust, leaves, hints of root beer and cola. It's clean snd very pleasant, even somewhat zesty and very easy to drink, yet but a bit bland."
"Had it on tap in a half liter glass at Schultzy's near the University of Washington. I kinda wish I had ordered a whole liter."
"Overall, a very pleasant brew, if a bit too sweet on the tongue. Not recommended for those not fond of this quality in a beer, but for fans of dunkel lagers, this is certainly a nice variation of the style."
"The color when poured in a glass, was a medium dark brown with a reddish hue. No foam or lace at all. The smell of roasted malts and a sweet candy aroma was evident. The taste was of roasted malts, with a touch of caramel and just a hint of coffee. Not the intense flavor I was looking for, but it still was a pleasant taste overall. Nice quincher on a hot day or just standing around BSing with the guys and girls!"
"D -- Wonderful drinkability -- a dark beer without the perceived stereotypes (as it should be). I'd been dying for a nice Munich style Dunkel and I'm happy I opted for the D-A again."
"Poured from the bottle into a pint glass, beer is a deep ruby-crimson color with a thin, almost stagnant head. The smell is malt dominate, slight toasted and caramel notes coming through. The taste is very similar, very malt forward - slightly skunked (probably due to the green bottle). The mouthfeel is medium in body and under carbonated. Overall, a drinkable beer - decent but nothing spectacular."
"Drinkability wasn't going to score high. I wouldn't search this beer out and probably wouldn't drink it if offered for free."
"i haven't had one of these for a while ; pours a med-dark copper brown w/ a thin off-white head which dissipates almost immediatly leaving a decent lacing in my nonic ; a nutty, metallic smell, a bit of fig or some darker fruit as well ; a crisp, malty flavor from the onset, mostly an all grain bread w/ some more dark fruit undertones, a decent, slightly sweet finish w/ a bit of metal in it as well ; a light, dry brew w/ a good amount of co2 letting the flavor linger a while ; a very drinkable one, i've always thought this an excellent dunkel..."
"D - Not a bad beer. Too sweet and cola-like IMO, but could be a good choice for a summer session when a dark beer is called for."
"Drinkability- This is a pretty interesting dunkel lager and unlike any other I have tried. I may revisit it in the future."
"D- less complexity than other Dunkels helps it go down quite easily and without much thought because of it well rounded simplicity"
"Not terrible. I definitely wouldn't turn it down if offered at a party."
"D - I had close to 48 oz of this brew tonight before, during and after dinner and it really never hit me so I'm not sure exactly what the ABV is but I don't think it's above 5.5 or 5.9 tops. Overall it is a very drinkable brew in my opinion and I enjoyed it very much..I would consider this one of the better beers I've had an opportunity to taste"
"D-It would definitely be worth to buy a six pack of this beer. Never heard of it but it is pretty good."
"I ordered a mug of this beer at Schnitzelhaus, a local German restaurant, here in Tampa. The beer was very dark in the glass, and actually looked similar to root beer with a small frothy head. It had a nice spicy caramel smell, with hints of apple. It was a medium bodied beer with a hoppy finish. However the hoppy taste was not overbearing, so overall it was very drinkable beer. I really enjoyed it and felt it was a good representation of beers I drank while in Germany."
"12 oz. glass bottle- color of translucent brown , with a quickly dissipating thick light tan head - nose of sweet malts, hint of bananas, black pepper, and some metallic– taste of sweet malts, hint of bananas, and mocha- body is thin, but slightly oily, and with medium to high carbonation – aftertaste of sweet malts, hint of mocha"
"D: The smoothness of this one makes it relatively high from a drinkability perspective."
"Mouthfeel/Drinkability: It's light bodied, very well carbonated, and goes down smooth. Drinkability is okay. If I liked the taste more, I'd be more inclined to drink a few more. Overall, it's alright. Worth a try."
"I would caution all those who say thatfor a beer to be outstanding it can't be subtle. This beer is subtle, and extremely smooth, sessionable and unassuming; for that, it ranks high to me...(and I drink alot of dark german lagers)"
"Meh, this was an okay offering. Tastes and feels like it was dumbed down."
"Beer poured a clear but dark brownish maroon. Head was fairly thin. Aroma and taste were of dark bready malt and some muted dark fruit sweetness. The mouthfeel was medium and not very lively. Not too bad by any means."
"Smelled a bit skunky. Poured dark amber. Little head that it didnt retain. Thin mouthfeel. Didnt like this one very much. I will try this one again based on how others on this site have rated it as mine must have been spoiled. Taste was metallic and bad."
"Watered down caramel color. Small light tan head with medium sized bubbles. Smooth malty aroma. It tastes similar to a bock but more of a hop presence and less of a thick and sticky mouthfeel. If you're a malt-mouth this is a nice session beer for the price."
"Saw this one on the shelf at the local store when I was mixing a six pack and decided to go for it. Had never heard of it before, but I am a huge fan of Dark German Lagers, so how could I possibly go wrong, right? It poured a deep dark brown with a smallish off white head, that slowly faded to reveal a decent layer of lace left on the top, as well as a good amount left down the sides of the glass. Some visible carbonation was evident through the chains of bubbles streaming up through the very clear beer. Smell was very unique. It had a nice burnt sort of smell with a definate hint of caramel and coffe, which really suprised me. It was so pronounced, almost like a porter type of hint in there. The taste was very similar, lots of coffee and caramel flavors, mixed in with a nice earthy grain and a slightly bitter hopped back. A touch of chocolate seemed to be in there for good measure. Very smooth feel, almost silky, and a bit heavier then what I was expecting from the style to be honest. Very easy to drink despite such rich flavors. Went down very smoothly and I could easily see this as being an everyday beer. Overall, for a beer I had never heard of beforeI was very suprised and impressed. I will definatly pick this one up again, it was very unique and seemed to defy the style completely."
"pours a medium brown color with a beige two finger head that fades to just cover the beer. very faint aromas of coffee and caramel. very subtle tastes of coffee, caramel, a hint of chocolate, slightly sweet and slightly salty very well balanced. mouthfeel is light and carbonation is good. taste good and is nice and smooth good session beer and the price is right."
"The beer was a dark brown with a red tinge and a very consistent and fairly abundant white head. Aroma was rather minimal, with some maltiness. Flavor was very good...not overly sweet malt, but a very pleasant light roasted notes. Mouthfeel was good, but I didn't find this beer extremely drinkable which may have been in anticipation of the large meal that was coming behind that beer."
"A classic dark German Lager--It's all about the malts. The beer is subltle, yet rounded; toasty, but sweet; moderate all the way around, and equally as drinkable. Along with these favorable attributes, No fruitiness, low hopping and ultimately malty. Still showed a clean lager crispness and light toasty aftertaste. Simply and pure, one of Germany's gems."
"Drinkability: I am very pleasantly surprised. As a beer you can usually pick up in the grocery store, I expected much less form this. But it is a great beer. Not sure of ABV, but this may become a beer to stock up on in my house."
"The drinkability is good, fresher would be better but it came a long way. MK"
"Drinkability: Overall, rather enjoyable even though this is not really my thing"
"D - It is pretty good. I like it much better than their CD Pils."
"Now subtle hints of caramel and chocolate pop up in the senses, this one is an above average dunkel. Crisp with a dry bite. I’ll have another, but I won’t actively seek these out, just happened on a couple at Lukas Supercenter."
"Bit of a dry bite. Along with the roasted malt flavor, it drinks a little like an irish dry stout. Not much aroma to speak of, a little skunk at first (damn those green bottles!) and then a little caramel grain. There's a little more skunk in the flavor - how unfortunate. I wouldnt buy this in the US. Were I in Germany, however, I'd have my stein topped off."
"An OK drinkable beer but not one that I need ever drink again. Nothing bad about it at all, it is just I have drank many beers that taste similar and have no need to seek them out."
"This beer poured a clear brown color with a thick, persistent head. The smell is malty and slightly sour. The taste is malty and a bit sweet – quite flavorful. The mouthfeel is full and bright from carbonation. This is a very drinkable beer that I could see enjoying sitting for an occasional session of drinking."
"12 oz. green bottle with some code on the label. It pours a clear rust/brown color with light carbonation and a finger of tan head that leaves light lacing. It smells of caramel, molasses, and a hint of smoke - pretty inviting but not very aromatic. The flavor follows suit but with a Schlenkerla-esque beechwood smoke character, light tobacco, and green/spicy hops that leave a mild bitterness. It has a medium body and carbonation yet leaves a short finish, but it's a pleasant, quite enjoyable lager that would make a great session beer. Definitely worth a try."
"Poured a clear darker brown , with some slight red hues, bit of lacing, and a frothy offwhite head of a quarter inch. Aroma is fairly malty and slighty sweet. Some herbal hop in there as well as slight caramel and bread. Taste is definatly on the sweet side of malty profiles , some breadyness , tinge of nuttyness, bit of balancing hop , clean , quick finish. Mouthfeel is medium/slightly crisp. A pretty drinkable brew , bit sweet/ and slightly thin for me. I do think its a good dunkel though , and definatly worth a try. Goes down quite easily."
"Pours an opaque, deep copper rust color. Head is exceptional. If it wasn't for the weak nose of the beer I would be forced to delve into drinking it before the enormous thick ice-cream like head settled. However, once the head did settle it was nearly gone. Several small icebergs of thick foam and a little Belgian lacing is at that remained. Tasted fairly thin with projections of roasted plums and malt. Not bad and quite drinkable. Good beer."
"A solid Dunkel, and for the price superb."
"Poured a deep copper color with masive tannish head. Very impressive lacing noted. Smell is rich and roasty with a strong dark fruity beckground. Taste is roasty and fruity with some hints of cocoa also found. Finishes a bit on the dry side with gives a nice balance to the fruit tastes. Very pleasant beer to drink. Nice and thirst quenching."
"D - Simple dark lager but very, very drinkable."
"This beer pours a translucent brown with a fizzy off white head that dissipates with a little lace. The smell is munich malts and some off smells. The taste is also all dark munich malts. There is an average mouthfeel. Overall average on drinkablility, A decent dark lager."
"Thin, sweet aroma drifts off of a deep amber brew. Taste notes of caramel and brown sugar with clean, toasted malts. Nice beer to have in the evening after a warm summer day, but I have to admit that I am not going to have this one on a regular basis. I just want more flavor!"
"This brew pours a clear brownish-ruby color. The head is one-finger in height, and recedes slowly into nice lacing. The aroma is more like a doppelbock than a dunkel lager: caramel, malt, chocolate, more caramel. The taste is quite a bit more mellow than the aroma: caramel and malt with a sweet finish. The mouthfeel is medium bodied with very lively carbonation, perhaps too lively. Overall, this is a pretty good brew. It might not be the best dunkel lager around, but is certainly enjoyable."
"Drinkability: This is just too damn sweet. After a pint, I'm done. But really, everyone should give this a try with sausages. It's amazing."
"Poured a brown color with a small, white, dense head that laced on the way down. Smell was a little weak but there was a detectable caramelized molasses aroma. Reminded me of the aroma of my homemade BBQ sauce that I make with molasses. Taste was of burnt sugar taste and a little bit astringent and medicinal. Not something I really cared for. Had a heavy mouthfeel and left the mouth a little dry with a small amount of hop bitterness at the end."
" Drinkable, I'm going to take some of this on my next road trip."
"All's I have to say, this was a refresing, not too heavy beverage. It's on my get again list. Good stuff."
"Very drinkable. I could drink a lot of this if it came down to it."
"Pours a clear amber, with a tan and fizzy two finger head that will soon diminish to very poor lacing. Aroma is full of noble hops, with toasted vienna malt and....rye???(maybe the dinkel/spelt that the name suggests?) The toasted vienna become apparent in the sweet, slightly dextrinous flavor. This is followed by crisp and earthy german hops like hallertau and tettanger. The Carbonation is medium and smooth, and the body is nearly full with a great texture. Finishes mostly clean. This beer has rich flavor and a high drinkability with great mouthfeel- too bad it's a rare commodity in my neighborhood!"
"The last beer of a ""German Beer Hall Tour"" mixed pack I received for Christmas. The code L 06651 is printed on the front label."
"-UF"
"Fine but not round or full malt core with good toasty backbone. Not much more evident, though a good drinker. Little in the finish besides herbal hops and fading, formerly crisp notion of toast and cocoa. Mouthfeel falls toward thinner but the carbonation is right on."
"Notes: good all around brew, very drinkable"
"Man. I really enjoyed this single. I shall definitely have to pick up a sixer sometime."
"Fairly drinkable, although I really had trouble finishing the whole twenty ounces or so in my ""tall"" glass. A beer that I'll drink occasionally, but will probably never buy a sixer of."
"Overall Impression: Very interesting beer. The over toasted aspects were a bit much for me, but I did enjoy the overall flavor. Worth a try!"
"ehhh."
"Great for beer brats, but merely okay on its own."
"Drinkability: Good but not great. Nice malty base but something about the fruity caramel flavor tastes fake or sweetened."
"Poured 3 -12 oz bottles into my liter mug for the authentic feel. Pours a nice head the dissipates slowly leaving a nice lace. I love the deep auburn color of dark munich and crystal. The smell is clean and malty. The taste is also very clean, as expected, and sweet. It also has a bready crystal malt flavor, not as dry as I expected. Little aftertaste caused by the residual sweetness. This is a delicious munich dunkel, I could drink liters of it."
"Drinkability: This is a very great example of a style I have MUCH experience with."
"The color is dark brown with a ruby glow when viewed against a light source. Head is light brown and of an ample size. The aroma is of dark, toasted malts with just a hint of grain smell. The taste is bready and full. Hops provide a nice balance and just enough bitterness. Finish is the sweetest part of the sip, but doesn't leave much on the palate. Drinkability is great, this is easily sessionable. Fortunately, Dinkel Acker Dark is better than the average German dunkle on American shelves and seems to be about a buck cheaper. Recommended."
"This beer is obviously well crafted but (strategically, it seems) toned down a notch. A shame. I do like it and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to those just getting into more serious beers. I think these guys could do better, though."
"Coffee colored to ruby, crystal clear, muscular buff head with fortitude, toasted malt nose, but not sickly sweet, nice hop counterpoint, tasted like it looked, very malty, toasty and bready, not heavy in the slightest!, moderate body, a good mouthfull, a perfect balance between light and heavy fare, a dark beer that I felt I could drink many of. Thumbs up."
"Drinkability - a great fall session beer, I would enjoy having it again."
"A clear mahogany robe beneath a short cap of ivory welcomes you to this splendid dark lager. The head retention is good, and it leaves sheets of dripping spotty lace about the glass. Notes of toasty and slightly cocoaish malt reel you in; and the captivating, semi-rich flavor of its Munich and high-kilned malts delivers satisfaction and refreshment. It's not particularly complex, but it doesn't need to be - this beer's all about drinkability. It's perfectly balanced by a firm bitterness, and accented by some mild floral and spicy hops in the finish. It fades smoothly from the palate, leaving behind just a bit of dark malt and bitterness, leaving you ready for another sip. This is a beer you could quite easily finish without even realizing you've emptied your glass. Clean, concise, and clearly well-made, this dunkel is not to be missed."
"Pours a toffe hazelnut colour with amber high lights-- .. medium one finger barely off white head. Smell is malty with caramel and toast and chocolate. Flavour is richer than I expected. With nice notes of toffee which are of a very light porter quality.. Rich bread and burnt sugar with enough dryness to balance this brew out. As a German Macro Dunkle this blows Warsteiner out of the water. Mouthfeel is crisp and nice . Drinkability is high a bit of sweetness but no more than the average brown ale or some porters.. Overall this beer was surprisingly good"
"A light tasting dunkel that poured dark with very brief lasting head but some lace hanging around for a few swallows. I was most interested by its unique aroma (could not pick out a dominate odor but it was totally pleasing )that mirrored its sweet molasses, bready and dark roasted malty taste with maybe a hint of maple, hops not very noticable. Finishes clean with a little sweet toasted grain aftertaste, but not cloying. Taste flattens mid mouth, smooth but left me wanting more mouthfeel (as most styles do)."
"Had this off tap last Wednesday. The beer poured a rubied brown color with 3 fingers of head that fall quickly. The nose was sweet caramel, wtih a bit of roasted malt as well. The roasted tones come through much more prevalent as it warms. The flavor was nice. A slight chocolate and caramel backed up a nice roasted flavor. The feel was moderate to thick, and very easy drinking. Overall, this was good beer in a style that usually doesn't do much for me."
"On-tap poured into a Dinkel Acker Wally Becher style glass. It pours a deep reddish brown color with two fingers of head. There is a good amount of lacing. The smell is a little light at first, but gets stronger as it warms. Sweet chocolately maltiness dominates the smell. The taste is sweet and malty, with more chocolate and some caramel as well. There is a decent bit of hops on the finish. The mouthfeel is nice and strong. The drinkability is good as well. A nice solid dark lager."
"12 oz bottle pours a clear, dark chestnut body with a small tan head that lasts a few minutes, drops to a film, and leaves a wee bit of patchy lace. Aroma is subdued, with floral hops and some notes of Munich malts which suggest some roasty chocolate flavored coffee. Mouthfeel is fully carbonated, but surprisingly light bodied. Taste is decent. Good roasted maltiness with some burnt coffee notes and a hint of toffee, along with mild floral hops bittering. Finish is crisply hoppy, with a burnt coffee aftertaste. A very enjoyable Dunkel Lager, with no flaws and excellent drinkability."
"Drinkability: This beer is quite drinkable. I like it for its maltiness and carbonation, but again, I'd like a bit more taste. I'd recommend this beer to people (like myself) who are still relatively new to the world of beer and want a good and easy experience."
"Pours a dark, burnt-amber color with a nice, sticky off-white head. It’s got quiet, but notably malt-slanted nose. Bit of a roasted, nutty aroma with a little caramel….Pretty nice. Fairly sweet, with above average carbonation. There’s also a chalkiness to the feel of this brew. Light to medium body. Hops in the finish, which is still on the sweet-side of things. Overall, it’s pretty a pretty drinkable, tasty brew."
"This is an ok beer, but I think it's a little too sweet to be a session beer. Had solitarily, it's fine."
"Pours a clear deep copper color with a billowy beige head. Aromas of Munich malts and accents of chocolate and caramel with a mild, leafy hop presence. Tastes rather hoppier than the average dunkel. Some roasted malt sweetness in the foreground and a crisper, hoppier finish in the back. Pretty average dunkel, overall. The hops are nice, but too forceful and unorthodox for a dunkel lager. Don't get me wrong, malty roasted sweetness is the predominant character in this beer, maybe it's the kind of hops used that makes me think this dunkel is an anomaly amongst other German dunkels."
"Dark brown in color with a decent light tan head that doesn't last. The aroma is fairly malty and so is the flavor. This beer is on the sweet side. The body is medium. Finish is sweet. A good beer but a little on the sweet side for me to have more than one or two."
"I haven't had this in years, so it will be interesting if it is the way I remember it, here goes, poured a carmel color, lots of bubbles surging to the top,initial head was nice, then quickly dissipated into nothing, smell was malt, and faint hops, taste is mostly malt, hint of hops, a bit sweet, chocolate notes. mouthfeel,was light, a bit of creaminess on the tongue, drinkability: I'd say good, there are others in this genre that might be better, but it definitely beat Becks, and St. Paulie, in my book, not bad at all, but not great either, and I remembered thinking it was really potent at one time,Bah Hah! I've come a long way baby!"
"The drinkability is a bit above average."
"M&D: Medium in mouthfeal. Very drinkable, especially with a meal."
"Little linger....but hop advantage."
"Nice, dark amber-brown with a great deal of tan foam. Aroma is nearly non-existant, faintly malty with a wisp of hop. Taste is bland but innofensive, just enough malt to register and enough hop to keep the sweetness in check.There are better, more drinkable beers out there."
"This is a good beer to drink with food or get a budmillercoors drinker over to the dark side. As for me, I could down quite a few of them once in a while."
"This beer poured a medium brown color with reddish highlights. Medium sized murky tan head. Moderate lacing along the glass. Aroma is roasted malts and a doughy undertone. Taste is predominately toasted bread with caramel undertones. A little too sweet, the hops are there but too weak. The beer is also a little on the light side in body, but that just may be the style. Easy to drink a few but not much more than that b/c of the sweetness."
"I don't know a whole lot about Munich Dunkel Lagers, but I do know what I like. To be fair to the style, maybe this just isn't a very good version. Dinkel Acker Dark is okay, but I won't be buying any more of it."
"A good dunkel. even though I wouldn't have this everyday. The overly sweet nature of this beer might turn some people off, but for a good quaffable dunkel this one is definitely worth a look."
"From the bottle, this poured out a very clear and clean dark copper brown color. The aroma is chocolaty and toffee sweet, with a layer of roasted chestnuts. The flavor is sweet and lightly malted, nutty, full of rich caramel-like character. Flavorful and very drinkable. A fine dark beer."
"Pours with a stealthy light tan head settling over clear reddish/brown liquid. Lots of sweet malty and bready notes in the nose, with little to no hop to speak of. The taste reminds me of a watered down dopplebock...which isn't a bad thing, sweet maltiness and very light notes of chocolate are tasted. Finishes light on the palate yet flavorful, a nice nice dark lager here."
"The beer pours a translucent dark brown color with a thick off-white head. The aroma is weak, but dominated by pale lager malts and lager yeast. There is a small malty aroma that is attributed to the use of crystal malts. The taste is decent. It is dry and malty with a refreshing finish. It's not bad, but not the best I've had. The mouthfeel is fine. It is a medium bodied beer with good carbonation. It drinks well and is a fine Dunkel."
"Appearance: Dark ruby brown with a nice soft textured tan head leaves nice full lacing around my glass. Aroma: Dark roasts clean fruity finish this smells like a solid dunkel with underlying herbal European hop tones. Taste: Sweet bready mix of dark chocolate and pilsner like flavors this is a decent dunkel that deserves respect on multiple levels quite tasty. Mouthfeel: A bit thin light to medium body high carbonation not much more to say here. Drinkabilty: On draft I think this would be much more drinkable fresher flavors equal better beer more drinkable."
"Drinkability – I thought this was an excellent interpretation of the style, although it will probably be too much straight molasses for most."
"Dark brown color. Small white foamy head. Aroma is bready, malty and sweet. A medium bodied Dunkel. Malts are mild, nutty and sweet. Hops are mild. Slightly spicy. A light tasting dunkel, a touch thin and watery perhaps, but nicely drinkable. Mouthfeel is thin. Finish is clean and smooth. Aftertaste is slightly sweet."
"A medium dark beer from Dinkel Acker that is colorful and a bit aromatic. The look is of a clear, or perhaps, slightly hazed dark amber with a smallish off-white head and light lacing. The nose is big on caramel malt and little else. The flavor carries this through adding in a bit of butter. The feel is medium and quite smooth, lingering a bit in the back with adding a crispness. The overall drinkability is good as this beer is much more full bodied than the pils without being too heavy or strong."
"Big, off-white, dense head. Dark ruby beer. Sticky lacing. The front is faintly sweetish: malty, nutty, tangy. Toffee, chocolate and a tangy nuttiness in the front hold through the slightly watery middle. Dry, bitter chocolate finishes the beer nicely. This is not bad at all. It's tangy and dark tasting, but refreshing."
"This is a good dunkel. It poured a dark brown color with a moderate head and a little lacing on the glass. The aroma was mostly malty. I couldn’t detect much more. This is a good tasting beer. Really enjoyed it. The flavor was malty with a bread-like taste. This beer really didn't have much of an aftertaste either. Good beer."
"Pours a deep chestnut brown color, topped by a cream colored head of moderate size. The head shows good retention as well, with a thin layer of foam sustained for half the glass. The aroma has a good dose of grassy, herbal hops to compliment the caramel and grain notes. Not spectacular, but intriguing none the less. The taste has a very pronounced roasted caramel malt taste, approaching a good vienna lager in it's sweetness and flavor profile, but a touch more restrained. A lingering roastiness is present in the aftertaste, which appears as soon as the light bitteress on the finish fades. The mouthfeel leans towards the smooth side, but the strength of the carbonation prevents it from truly enveloping the tongue. A touch of harsh grainiess appears mid bottle, and brings a grainy taste with it. This is not a great beer, but it also not a bad experience either. Just a shade better than average. Definitely worth a try if you are a fan of dark lagers."
"Head is initially average sized, frothy, off-white, mostly diminishing. Body is clear medium brown. Aroma is moderately malty (dark bread). Flavor is moderately sweet, moderately bitter. Finish is moderately bitter, lightly acidic. Light to medium body, watery texture, lively carbonation. Rather boring aroma (liquid bread indeed), but excellent flavor balance. OK brew."
"I recently served this beer at a cross-style tasting and it was the hit of the night—everyone wanted more of this beer. It was on its game that night. Tonight, it’s barely distinguishable from Beck’s dark. I’ll grant this beer a score in the middle of those two experiences with a hop of re-reviewing it later."
"Pours a very dark brownish ruby color with a frothy light tan colored head that fades into a creamy lace. Nose is bready malts and fresh grains with some chocolaty undertones. Moderate in body with a creamy texture. Taste is dominated by sweet malts with additional notes of caramel and cocoa followed by a faint touch of bitter hops and chocolate liqueur. An enjoyable dark lager, but nothing really special."
"Lovely crystal-clear deep amber color with a large off-white cloudtop head, faint carbonation, superb lace. Malty aroma with toffee and molasses notes. Tasting yields a hint of carbonation and mild malt flavors which linger to the end of the taste, whereupon a little hop bitterness appears; finish is clean. The taste is much more restrained than the appearance would suggest, and the mouthfeel is a bit watery, although the excellent head adds some creaminess. Not a bad beer certainly, but it does not live up to its stellar appearance."
"Reddish brown color with light head that was gone real quick.There was caramel notes in the aroma,along with perhaps molasses or brown sugar.Pretty thin wich made pretty easy to drink,had a hint of berry towards the end wich came out more after each one I drank.Pretty good German dark."
"Its looks thick but goes down quite the opposite.An awesome mouthfeel thats very crisp and smooth.A medium body with a slight bitter finish.The aroma presented more than the taste.The taste seemed weak with not a single distinct flavor.A touch of prunes and molasses on the taste.Leaves a very dry finish in the mouth that lasts for awhile.Great carbonation thats almost fizzy like seltzer water.Could be where the dry mouthfeel comes from.No real alcohol taste detected,but I'm sure its there.An overall good beer"
"Malty sweet-tart in the nose, with a hint of herbs. Roasty malt and a touch of smoke. The alcohol is a little raw, and drifts about in the flavor. The finish touches on toffee. Not at all a bad beer, but a little pedestrian."
"Dark brown and clear, reserved head that's a skim after 30 seconds or so. Pleasant caramel and toffee aromas, almost like a cross between a ""Heath"" bar and a ""Twix."" Malt starts big and deep, not quite as constricted as some Dunkels, plenty of caramelized sugar, some sweet chocolate, and just a touch of molasses. Taste flattens mid mouth (similar to other Dunkels, to my taste). Hops are apparent enough to lend an ending statement and prevent cloying, but have no particular individual characters. Milk chocolate tones in the aftertaste. Pretty drinkable to me, a little on the sweet side overall. Again, thanks to Dave Szy for the bottles..."
"Drinkability & Notes: Nothing earth shattering and the sweetness would get to me after a couple, but definitely a solid lunch time brew to pair up against a smoked ham sandwich."
"The beer pours an eye pleasing clear deep ruby red with a pertinent in size head, the lace in fine clinging sheets. The malt, hints of caramel and sweet, pleasant to sniff dominate nose. Start is malt with a touch of sweetness, the top lanky, the finish is moderately carbonated, and the hops adequate for this style, droughty aftertaste, decent enough beer, but not one that “Rings my Chimes”, but still worth a sample nonetheless."
"An O.K. German dark beer. The smell is somewhat weak, with a little chocolate. It pours with very little head. At first you get a ""Cocoa"" taste, which goes down smooth. High carbonation with a burnt chocolate twang. The finish is sweet, but with very little ""bite"". I prefer this to Beck's Dark, but just barely. Overall, not bad for the class. I love Dinkel Acker Pilsner, and buy this occasionally with reservations. Still, worth a try"
"Tasted at the Barrelhouse Brewing Company Microbrew Fest on November 9. Dark brown color with virtually no head. Very little flavor, just a little malt with a pinch of hops. Unimpressive."
" Very good dunkel!"
"A powerful nose of ripe fruit and mown grass. Deep russet liquid underneath a thin ring of foam. Malt announces its roasty, toasty ego only to be matched by a bitter hop id and finally succumb to an unexpected mild tart superego that lightly lingers between swallows of this quaffable beer. A step above your typical imported German Dunkels."
"Nice clear dark brown color. Decent sized big creamy light brown head. Lots of sweet spicy smells. Chocolate, roasted malt. Taste was smooth and sweet, nice malted chocolate, maybe a touch of cinnamon. Certain subtle spicy, yet sweetness to it. Maybe a bit light for such as complex beer. Not sure of the abv, but easy to drink a couple of these. I can't believe this is only the 2 review. The Germans could do a better job with the label. Non-descript block letters. Be assured the beer is very good, that's what really matters."
"Pretty good beer, Pours a dark clear brown color, the head is initially average sized, frothy, off-white, mostly diminishing. Body is almost medium, with the mouth feel having a water texture, and there is nice carbonation. On the nose the aroma has moderate malt notes suggesting dark bread. Flavor is moderately sweet and moderately bitter, tiny hint of chocolate in there, and nice roastiness. Overall a nice flavor balance, and very quaffable Dunkel IMO."
