review_text
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Not bad at all, pleasant without being great. Flatters to decieve a bit."
"O: It's the first one of this style I've tried, and it calls for more trials. Decent beer a little bit reminiscent of scotch ales."
""
"Drinkability - not bad, but I like the Saaz blonde better, although they both sport cool looking bottles."
""
""
""
"Jacobsen ODL just goes to show that old school Lagers have actual flavor. It makes you wonder why more breweries around the world are not brewing malt bombs like this. Apart from the murky appearance, this is a great beer. Go towards meaty seafood like grilled lobster tail or pan-seared scallops with a side of mushroom risotto."
"D- It's a pretty good drinker. It's more ""no frills"" than lacking. It's very easy on the pocket book. At $2.99 for a 750 ML, I'd definitely drink it again. (similar to the ""saaz blonde"" in that respect, more than expected at the price)."
"Drank this one during the 2 hour Lost finale :)"
"A nice dark, that is not too dark, but is caramelly, with dark-ish fruitiness and does have a nice balancing hop touch. Glad to have bought it once, but, to be honest, doubt I would get it again for the price."
"This one surprised me big time, the Saaz blonde is a bit more expensive but I am willing to try it."
"Overall, not too bad, I liked it, nothing extraordinary, but well made dark lager, maybe it had too much of syrupy feel to it."
"D - nice fruit flavors but has too much of a syrupy taste and feel"
"very good and smooth beer; it's a malty, smoky beer with a toffee or caramel finish, and a hint of nut in the mix with an overall sweetness to it. Can't pinpoint what fruit adds to the sweetness, but the overall combination of ingredients in this beer make it quite enjoyable."
"D- Thirst quenching, especially because of mouthfeel. Goes down easily. A little too ordinary with a few things a little off. Not bad, but overpriced."
"Overall, I am glad I tried it (and at a lower price than the $7.99 I saw in one store!), but I am unlikely to buy it again."
"At first sight in the glass, it almost looks like a belgian, but in fact it is a great tasting, sweet lager. Reminds me of a Chimay, but is only 5.8 by vol. color was somewhat red, and taste of an almost belgian beer. Smelled a bit like Chimay. Again, only 5.8%. Very good to share with friends. A very good beer for Carlsberg. Let's get these in Mississippi."
"This beer pours a clear, reddish brown colour with a two finger light tan head. Retention is decent and the beer leaves some nice lacing. Smell is of sweet caramel malts and a good amount of grassy hops in the background. Some breadiness to it - perhaps a slight touch of fruit behind it all as well. Taste is nutty with caramel notes throughout. Some definite fruit (plum, cherry) flavours as well with a finish that is on the sweeter side. Mouthfeel is creamy but not heavy without a ton of carbonation but enough to give a light spice kick on the linger. Overall, this is a decent beer that offers a pretty wide range of flavours. On the other hand, it is too sweet for my liking, making finishing off a whole 750ml bottle of it quite a challenge. On that note, I don't think I'd rush back to it."
"It tastes a little like the dark lagers of Primator with a sweetish taste to the finish. I do find this quite drinkable ( keep it on the cold side). There is quite a caramel not to the nose and the intial taste. I liked the full mouthfeel and the nice malt backbone. Nice to see some winter offerings from the big Euro brewers ( maybe some Grolsch bock or Carlsberg Porter would be good)"
"D -"
"Overly malted taste and you can really taste the glucose syrup. Sadly, I can't pick up much else. Very smooth - likely due to the syrup. I might have not minded a 12oz bottle, but when I have a 28oz bottle, it gets too warm, too sweet and might best be used for fly bait."
"Poured into a pint glass. This Munich styled Dunkel lager pours a dark warmed mud color and presents a frothy head that reduces to a lingering lacing. The beer has earthy flavoring within it of figs, some caramel and a charcol flavor. Overall a better one of the beers the Jacobsen presents so far tried."
"Jacobsen Dark Lager pours an orange/copper color with a tan head that fades quickly. The aroma is malty with fruity accents (cherry especially comes to mind). The mouthfeel is a bit thicker than I would have expected, but I'm not disappointed by that. The flavor is also kind of fruity, cherry still stands out, perhaps grape also as the beer warms. The finish is malty with a bit of chocolate flavor. Better than I expected, definitely worth a try."
"A good brew. I'd recommend it to a malt lover who just wanted a nice beer without all the alcohol normally found in the maltier styles. It is heavy for a Dunkel, but it is nice and tasty."
"This is a Munich (Germany) style Dunkel lager. It pours a burnt orange color, almost amber, with a frothy head. It has a nice lace but that disperses quickly. Fig, caramel and hints of iron. Chewy, creamy and malty. Lightly carbonated which makes it smooth but it's too sweet, especially on the nose."
"D - May be too sweet with no other flavoring"
"The mouthfeel is sweet caramel malts, slightly sourish and metallic yeastiness. This is a light to medium bodied beer, that is just a bit creamy. The aftertaste is mild. This is a refreshing beer and worth seeking out."
"There's nothing very special about this beer but since it is a lager you'd expect more sublty than most ales. It fits some of the style profile but not all."
"Poured a reddish-brown color with little head that dissipated rather rapidly. Aroma is not real strong, but has a somewhat sweet malty smell. Taste is also malty and sweet with hints of caramel. Little if any hop presence. Mouthfeel is okay, felt a bit on the thin side. Beer is okay, but not worth what I paid for it."
"Drinkability: Still a drinkable beer but mediocre for the style. Maybe I was expecting too much from it to begin with."
"Woodsy, fruity nose with candy floss and subtle hops. Pours a deep hazy tan with a frothy beige cap. Nice lace. Very sweet burnt malts upfront, caramel and plum with a bit of leafy hops, leading to a sweet, mildly bitter finish. Very creamy and coats the mouth nicely. Perhaps a touch too sweet though."
"D - A bit too sweet - makes it tough to give good score on this"
"This is a drinkable but just barely. The combination of sweetness and thin body is not my style."
"Based on Carlsberg's oldest recipe, dating back to 1854, and it is surprisingly good."
"Tastes of sweet malts, fruits, and a bit of roasted malt that came through on the nose. Not bad, I can certainly see myself enjoying a couple in on sitting."
"Pours a crystal clear burnt orange/amber, thick off white head forms, looks great, nice lacing and great retention. Smell is malty, caramel, very bready and biscuity, grassy floral hops, some yeast, and fruity esters, neat. Taste is similar, but iron is present, very light roasty chocolate, caramel, burnt raisins, all malt, fruits, some floral, solid bitterness. Mouthfeel is medium bodied with medium carbonation, smooth. Nothing crazy but pretty solid drinking from a brewery like Carlsberg."
"Impressive Nordic looking bottle and my vote for coolest bottle cap with bearded man in profile.The small print identifies him as the founder of Carlsberg. Pours into a pint glass with a quickly dissipated head. Looks like Newcastle with a slight unfiltered haze. Malt notes up front and center. Pretty good overall a bit expensive would probably keep me from buying another bomber,six packs would be a definite re-purchase."
"Underated."
"Too sweet to be real drinkable. I REALLY feel like I am drinking a glass of over sweetened 'Sweet Tea"" in Georgia. I like some sweetness but this is too much in the wrong style of beer."
"I like this one very much and wish it was available here year long."
"très belle couleur brune-rousse foncée. la mousse disparait rapidement. légère odeur malté, caramélisé, tout en rondeur. la bouche est piquante, agréable, malté, finale houblonnée agréable."
"Overall, a little too one-dimensional and skating a too close to the edge in its similarity to a malt liquor type beer. No subtlety and nothing particularly interesting about it. An uninspired effort."
"Rich dark amber, with a pencil thick head that lasts about a minute, shrinking to white line rimming the interior of the glass. Smells very malty caramel. The hops aroma is not very pronounced. Taste sweet caramel and very light on the hops, light carbonation, finishing dry in the mouth giving the hops a chance to be noticed. Overall this is an interesting beer, but a bit too sweet for my tastes. The sweetness actually reminds me of a cheap dark lager I used to find in my area long ago, by Brasserie Fischer (although this Carlsberg tastes like a much more quality product). Purchased from Wine Society in Nashua NH."
"Purchased from beergeek.biz"
"Jacobsen Dark Lager is the best of the three Carlsberg beers that I've had so far. I don't think it's good enough to warrant being bottled in 750 ml bottles (especially at $6.99 per), but I'd consider picking up a sixer on occasion if I could get it for that price."
"The beer emerges from the 750ml bottle a murky brown, the head middling in size, and off white in color, after decomposing the lace forms a solid sheet upon the glass. Nose has a crisp, clean and fresh front, sweet malt at the back, pleasant enough, start is sweet with a decent grain presence, top is light to moderate in feel. Finish as a nice acidity, the hops apropos to the style, and a touch of bitterness, combined with a lingering sweetness, a drinkable beer, not great but a nice change of pace"
"D - Is it the best lager i've ever had? no. would i buy it again? probably not. but that is of course after having tasted many lagers before this and having found several favorites in a pool of dozens. i'd recommend it definately."
"Imported dark lagers don't hold up well and tend not to be fresh by the time they get to our shores (my opinion) but this one held up well and is a good choice when looking for a dark lager."
"Serving Type: 750ml bottle poured into Augustiner-Brau glass."
"low sweetness make this a nice easy-to-drink yet flavorful beer for the summer if you have a hops phobia."
"Not bad at all. I appreciate Carlsberg giving other styles a try. I guess they're using Spaten yeast in their brews, so it makes sense to give this style a shot."
"Drank alright especially for the abv, a little fresher or better this would be a pretty interesting take on the style"
"This is definitely a refreshing brew but may just not have enough kick for some. I don't think I'm one of those people, though. I will come back to this one after I've explored the style further."
"Not as dark as I thought it would be but still a nice mahogany color with a very small tan head on top. Caramel and bready aroma. Very pleasant caramel sweetness and toasted malt flavor. Nice lingering bite in with the sweetness. Somewhat nutty flavor. Good, smooth and crisp mouthfeel. Very, very drinkable beer. Perfect for a late summers day. This is a bomber sized bottle but would be great in six packs for sure."
"750 ml bottle, served in a pilsner glass. The beer pours a dark amber color with a half inch off-white head. It smells like sweet malt, caramel, bananas and yeast. It tastes like caramel/toasted malt, raisins, bread/yeast and chocolate. There's a nice lingering sweet aftertaste. Mouthfeel is medium with low carbonation. Drinkability is good as the beer goes down easy and smooth. I was surprised to find this at my local Giant Eagle this morning, but at $6.99 a bottle it's not something I'll be buying too often."
"26 oz. bottle. enjoyable to drink but carbonation disappears quickly and goes a little flat. taste gets better as it warms. nice malty sweetness but less pleasant aftertaste. overall it was a good beer but not something I would seek out again given it's price."
"Drinkability - Goes down well. I liked it, just felt surprised by it's name...with this brew, don't judge a beer by it's bottle."
"The beer is lightly sweet up front, but just about dries out by the finish. There is a light tartness here, that is malt derived. Chewy caramelized malt notes are quite noticeable and the complex malt character associated with such notes are what defines this beer. At times the malt takes on some fruity notes of raisins and figs, though these are really malt derived characteristics. Fairly light on the palate, but at times this almost seems heavy and I am not sure why. Almost cloying in character, despite not being that sweet. This is a decent beer, nothing to write home about and certainly nothing to get excited about."
"Pours a one-fingered white head that quickly vanishes leaving no lace. Clear amber color. Very light carbonation and medium bodied. Slight hoppy nose. Flavor is malty/hoppy but late caramel finish. $7.99 for a 750ml bottle from Capital Convenience Concord, NH."
"New to the local shelves. Since I have been fond of most Carlsberg brews, I figured that I couldn't go wrong here. Turns out a fine brew with a solid roasty / toasty flavor and bready / yeasty background notes. A fairly creamy texture with a mild grain astringency. Smooth and drinkable, despite lacking aromas or a particulary strong appearance. Nice. That's all."
"The beer pours a cloudy dark amber color with a thick frothy offwhite head that slowly fades to lacing. The aroma is decent. It has a dry, toasted malt scent along with a slightly fruity yeast aroma. There is some malty sweetness, but nothing too intense. The taste is average. It has a light, malty flavor that rich with English style yeast esters. It has some crystal malts in it, but not enough to create a real caramel sweetness. The mouthfeel is average. It is a medium bodied beer with adequate carbonation. I had high hopes for this brew, but it fell way short. It's one and done for me."
"750 ml. bottle- color of dark brownish red , with a off white color head - nose of malt , milk chocolate , coco , dried bananas , and light hint of hops – taste of milk chocolate , and malt – body is creamy , light to medium feel , and low carbonation – aftertaste of coco , milk chocolate , and creamy"
"On a side note, this is a very cool bottle. A bit expensive also."
"Drinkability: I could drink a couple of these in a sitting, but with the price I probably won't."
"Poured a dark amber with a cream/ off white head that doesn't hang around too long. Smelled like sweet and roasted malts. Stronger aroma than other major European dark lagers (or were the others just old)? Sweetish bready malt balanced with just enough hops to keep it from cloying. A good solid example of the style, but at $5.99 for a 25.4oz. bottle, the brewer, importers, and distributors need to re-think their sales strategy. Not enough people are going to bite. Mine was free. I would never have tried it otherwise."
"Pours a very pretty red-tinged brown, with a tight, soft head that raises up frothily. Somewhat weak aroma that never quite gets going, although it does have some nicely soft caramel and doughy aromas. On the palate, there's a nice mixing of sweet and dry elements, with sweetness coming through first and before the mid-palate dries out. Just a touch of raisiny fruits are present. A flash of acidity cleans the palate just before the finish, which is quick and not terribly flavorful -- the character of this beer disappears from the palate in an instant. Mouthfeel is mixed, with good lager smoothness but too little in the way of carbonation; it makes the beer feel a bit too heavy than it should. Overall, this is a decent dunkel, but nothing to shout about."
"Second of the Jacobson line made by Carlsberg that I have tried.This poured into a pilsner style glass a light brown near copper color with a nice large blooming almond colored head a nice bit of carbonation even almost spritzey looking.Milder aromas but pleasant a touch of cocoa and lighlty roasted nut with a hint of herb,well rounded subtle flavors hard toffee really showed out most to me a touch of caramel sweetness but the sweetness level was quite low,a nice creamy feel was lush feeling and really made the beer enjoyable.I had it with prime rib and it held up well the touch of roastiness and sweentess cut thru the fat well,a very fine dark lager subtle but not bland by any means,recommended."
"Notes: Not one to blow you away nor is it designed to be big. This is an easy drinker with an interesting and nicely balanced flavor. Well, color me intrigued, this Jacobsen line from Carlsberg has my full attention."
"Jacobsen, the in-house micro brewery of Carlsberg, seems to take classic styles and give it a little extra development. This one wasn’t as adventurous as the others, but still, a dark lager with notes of matured winte is still interesting."
