review_text
""
""
""
"O: Medium drinkability. Standard Swiss-German Lager style. Not an Altbier but much more a Keller beer"
""
"I suggest trying the Dunkel instead which I found to be a better beer. If you are in the mood for a lighter beer, then this might be your cup o' beer! This is also a ""lighter"" beer, atleast body-feel wise, but it is very refreshing for when you are in the mood for that."
"Below average brew, at least Eichhof is doing better with other beers."
"This is a smooth and bready lager (seriously, it tastes like a decent loaf of white bread), but comes off more like an American lager. This is probably due to the use of corn, which steers the malt character toward Budweiser territory. The complete lack of hops doesn't help, but there's nothing offensive here - it just doesn't taste much like a good Alt."
"I had my fair share of this beer while I was studying abroad this summer in Engelberg, Switzerland. Many nights during the week, my fellow classmates and I would race to get to the bar to grab a couple pitchers of this bier before happy hour was over. This beer made some of the best memories I had on the trip filled with jokes, laughs, and drunken debauchery! This beer is classified as an Altbier...but I have to disagree with that, I would consider it more of a kellerbier if anything. It pours a cloudy tannish yellow color with a white head that laces somewhat. Has that ""clean"" smell associated with lagers, not too exciting. Tastes slightly fruity and is alright to drink. Although I did drink a lot of it that doesn't mean I really wanted to...there wasn't anything else beer wise. Overall its a decent beer, but not something I would search out desperately to find."
"Had this from a bottle at a restaurant in Lucern, Switzerland. The appearance is a slightly cloudy yellow with a small white head that leaves a good amount of lacing along the glass. Good smell -- a little fruity, as is the taste --with a slight hint of orange rind. I prefer the Braugold or Eichhof Lager to this, but if you're a fan of Altbier or Witbier, you may like this."
"A nice beer in the unfiltered/ zwickel style lager. A golden beer with white head. A light, creamy texture with a good malt base and a bit of grassy hops to balance. A refreshing daytime brew, I'd go with this vs a filtered lager if given a choice. The yeast gives it a hint of breadiness in the body."
"But no. The smell and taste bring you down to the conclusion that this seems just to be a dirty macro and by looking at most of the ingredients the judgement should be that one, because its taste is nothing but that of a crappy macro-like experience. Boo."
"The big Swiss breweries do not produce many good products. This is one of the better of a sad lot. It pours well, with a nice cream colored (not creamy) head and decent lacing. It is a bit fizzy though, and has that sweet taste and feel so common in French style brews - despite the fact that the Eichhof brewery is located in Germanic Luzern. There is a mild hoppy aftertaste that sets it apart from its countrymen. If you have to drink Swiss macrobrewed beer, Eichhof's Klosterbräu is a good option."
"More of an amber ale than a brown really, but interms of catagorization German brown ale is about the closest. Bottle conditioned, 500ml. Rather unique brew in that it's kind of a cross between a light Belgian dubbel and an alt. Amber color fruity/spicey, semi-sweet aroma and flavor. An interesting find."
