review_text
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Super carbonated was the first thing I noticed. It has a light fruit character, like berries without the sweetness, grain, cereal, and it has this earthy kind of twist to it. Not too bad, at least it's interesting."
""
""
""
"I used to love this Pils, but it now tastes like a homebrew that's gone off. It was very foamy with large bubbles and I poured it down the sink. I hope this was a bad bottle but at $9 for four I took it back. I will try it in the future and hope for better luck."
""
"We will crack open another bottle and edit the review if needed."
""
""
"Interesting and I kept going back and forth on whether I liked it. The doughy nature turned me off a little. Glad I tried it."
""
"O - Fantastic across the board, this beer is quite a summer treat that's refreshing and delicious!"
""
""
""
""
""
"Nope, the body is fine--even bordering on the rich side. Good carbonation. Very bitter--too bitter for the style, not that I'm complaining. Little malt. I'd describe this as a layered IPA."
"I enjoyed this beer. I hope BA corrects the style."
"Big thanks goes out to drabmuh for sending me this one in a past trade as an extra! Served from bottle into a Grolsch pilsner. Poured a hazy yellow-orange with a one finger pure white head. Maintained phenomenal lacing throughout the glass. The aroma was comprised of sweet malt, fruit, wheat, and earth. The flavor was of sweet malt, earth, wheat, spice, and fruit. It had a light feel on the palate with high carbonation. Overall this brew wasn't too bad. For the style it was actually pretty nice. I could see this being a really nice pool-side brew during a hot summer day. The fruit character in this one was a nice addition for sure and made it quite enjoyable. Really glad I got the chance to try this one from this style."
" Overall one damn refreshing beer,very drinkable I wish I had access to this beer,in the warmer months I would buy this all the time."
"O - It's light, crisp, tasty and has a low ABV. That, and it's ""quasi-local"" for me. It's a winner on all accounts!"
"O: might be my new favorite domestic pils. Really nice beer."
"(D)- Nice and refreshing. Clean yet lightly spicy. Would be great to have a few of these on a hot summers day. Very drinkable."
"ETA: Upon re-review, I'm not changing any ratings, but would reiterate my whole-hearted endorsement of this particular suds creation. It's damn excellent. My only complaint is that I can't get it in cans in the Medina lake, TX area for my fishin' trips with my brother. It's really a fishin' beer and you guys should sell it in cans :-)"
"Pours a hazy hay colored yellow with a lovely cream head that lingers like an unwanted guest. Aroma is light herbal spice, thyme and rosemary, mixed with a fresh cut grass scent. Flavor is clean with a tiny tiny hop kick that disappears before you even notice its there. The poundability of this beer is pretty high, and its great for a nice warm sunny late spring day."
"Overall: The body of the beer is light and the finish medium light. This beer is very good quality beer lots of flavor but really light."
"Very solid pils, great nose and solid taste. Hoppier than most pils, not that i'm complaining."
"O: It's good to have a local poolside beer that tastes this good..."
"Overall, a good example of the style. Only Victory Prima Pils was better. I could easily drink several of these at one sitting, and its a wonderful warm weather beer."
"Overall, Keller Pils is a very nice American interpretation of a German pilsener. I would take this over some of the German imports (Beck's, Warsteiner) of the same style. Great aroma with an almost equally good taste leaves very little to be desired."
"Overall an excellent brew. A wonderful interpretation of a German Pilsener with clear American craft influence"
"HV"
"Pale, somewhat hazy straw in color. Decent grassy and slight citrus aromas. Very dominant hop bite-blend of bitterness and floral qualities. Nice mouthfeel-dry in the finish. A damn good beer, very drinkable for the size of the ""bite"". I was expecting more hops in here but this is still well done. Nice to see this back again as well."
"D: I was pleasantly surprised by this beer. The nose was quite nice, but the flavor wasn't half bad either."
"Overall: A really nice American brewed German Pilsner."
"Drinkability is pretty good. A good summer refresher for sure."
"Drinkability (5): This is smooth and tasty. I could drink a ton of this beer."
"I'm digging this. It's very unique and doesn't seem all that much like a lager. But, then again, this isn't your average lager."
"Drinkability: It's been a loooonng time, Tuppers. How's the family? How's the wife? Paired fairly well with a bowl of lentil soup with andouille sausage."
"i love this beer. on first tasting, it took me back 50 years to the great old fashioned pils of the upper midwest--grain belt, glueks, schells, schmitts, fitgers, cold spring--aromatic with a lingering, full taste, medium carbonated, medium hopped, without the overhopped micro brews of today, or the light tasting overcarbonated brews like olympia, leinekugel, hamms, coors that put grain belt and the others out of business. this is a fantastic beer--the best i have had in europe or north america/mexico in...50 years"
"Tastewise: vey hoppy and dry. I supped this with some sushi and it was a good pairing."
"Too much awfulness to even finish it. I rarely leave a beer unfinished but I wanted to quickly move on to something that I liked."
"D -- Goes down very nice with that crisp dryness and spicy hop bitterness leaves you wanting more."
"Representative of German Keller Pils. Will and have purchased again... Some facts found on the bottle, this is contract brewed by St. George Brewing Company in Hampton, VA and half of their profits go to support charitable institutions."
"D: A nice mouthfeel and taste combination made this beer very drinkable. It's smooth, crisp mouthfeel made the beer quite refreshing and a nice session beer to have on a summer beer."
"mis-categorized here? Even by the description on the label it appear to be considered a keller bier, and from what I am seeing and tasting it matched the description on this site closely. Rating it as such :-)"
"D: Tasty, goes down very easily, not filling at all, mild kick, good representation of style, this is a nice lighter beer that is worth drinking for a long time."
"D: Very grainy with a dry lemony flowery bite that will surprise making this a crisp summer time treat. A definite six pack recommendation and dry and grainy by style while still being balanced with enough hops of pale ale proportions that should keep the tongue parched for more. Easy to down and finely crafted."
"Incredibly drinkable beer, delicious, and is the best of the 3 new pilsners I've tried today, even beating out the impressive Southampton Keller Pils."
"Pours a clear gold with a nice white head. Aromas of tasty honey and a pile of mixed citrus skins. Flavors are big on a lemon freshness with a distinctly honeyish malt sweetness and a distant grassiness. Finishes with strong notes of lemon zest. Well-balanced and very refreshing. Quite a nice pilsener; one that I would gladly have again."
"Drinkability: very drinkable,"
"Overalll a really solid and nice, tight little ale. Would have no issue with try this one again."
"Mouthfeel is light bodied, easy drinking, spritzy along the palate, and an excellent companion to many meals that would jump out. I'd like to get my hands on a mixed case of this and the Hop Pocket for the Summer. Solid, easy drinking pils that still stands out, even in my neck of the woods where great pilsners are a notch above."
"12 oz bottle from Dyan. Thanks! The beer is a hazy golden color with a nice frothy inch tall head that's fed by ample carbonation. Big hop aroma, spicy and zesty, light herbal notes and a clean malt profile. Hop dominated palate, noble in character with big signature herbal and grassy notes. I suppose this is what a German pils would taste like if it were dry hopped. Some of the malt flavor is lost in the mix, amounting to little more than a thin bready foundation for the hop flavors. Quite good though, this is one of the nicer American brewed pilsners I've had in a while."
"Mouthfeel is on the lighter side and carbonation is on the higher side. Drinkability is pretty decent, it's a pretty nice example of the style. Definitely one of the more bitter and hoppy versions of the style that I've had at least. A pretty good pilsner, with some nice hop flavors though. One of the better versions of the style that I've had."
"d - a decent pils but nothing crazy. Would have liked a little more hops in the smell and taste. Very easy to drink a few of, I would give it another shot."
"Mouthfeel is dry and this beer is extremely drinkable."
"A: Thick creamy head that stays around for a good while, medium gold in color - 4.00, S: Sharp spicy and somewhat peppery aroma, slight graininess along with some earthiness - 4.50, Medium bitterness, very grassy with a dry finish, significant malt though noble hops play the dominate role - 4.25, M: Faintly prickly on the tongue, medium finish - 3.50, D: A very solid interpretation of a German Pilsner, quite drinkable - 4.00"
"Pouring an almost crystal clear golden yellow with a dense, billowing, white head with exceptional retention and nice lacing, this is perfect for the style. The nose is beautiful too. The hop character is deliberately modest, allowing for the full bouquet of the hops to really shine. Lightly earthy, lightly mineraly, lightly lemon-like, lightly dust-like, this is truly a kellerbier. Doughy malts and floral honey are present as well. The palate opens with a modest bitterness, quite noble hop in character with a delicate blend of grassy, herbal and lemony character. Light malt character is present as well, there's some bready, doughy character, quite raw and complex. Drying on the finish with an exceptionally delicate and nuanced bitterness, I'm floored by the balance between the earthy and herbal characteristics. Beautiful stuff. Thoroughly drinkable, despite the $11/4pack price tag, I'm going to drink a lot of this over the summer."
"Beer is pretty thin and finishes cleanly with a mild aftertaste, again a little bit of sulfur. Its not as sweet as you'd expect from the aroma. Its quite sessionable and possible to drink quickly and often. A good lawnmower beer. There is a slight bitterness at the back of the palate. Overall, its decent."
"D - Other than the unpleasant taste this is pretty good - not sure why there is such a huge disconnect between taste and aroma. There's potential here, but something has gone wrong in the execution. Perhaps the contract brewing has screwed things up."
"This guy came highly recommended. Trust me, it did. Now to see if it lives up to the expectations thrust upon it. Pours a minorly hazed golden straw with about a finger or so of white sudsy head. It could just be my overused glass, but a slow but steady stream of bubblies makes its way from the base to the surface (gravity be damned!). A lovely bit o' millstone lacing is eventually constructed on the edges of the glass. The usual bitter florals come off of the surface and into the 'strils, joined by an undistinguishable fruitiness. This fruitiness is sadly lost on the tongue, which finds itself quickly awash with hoppy bitterness, which is itself tempered by strong florality. This slight dichotomy makes up nearly the entirety of the taste, proof of the style's elegeant simplicity. The body is quite light and summery, with moderate carbonation and a very liquid feel. A fine example of a generally tasty pilsener, something that hasn't crossed my path all that often."
"D: Highly drinkable. This will certainly become part of my regular summer rotation."
"Clean and refreshing with a medium body. Excellent drinkability. The persistent rumors of the demise of the Hop Pocket beers seem to be true, for now. Glad to try this one while it's still available. As good a pils as there is."
"Recommended..."
"D: Wildly drinkable. A great summer beverage that is perfect for a hot summer day. I would also give this flavorful pilsner to a regular BMC to show them what a drinkable lager should taste like."
"Pours pale gold with a massive head. Lots of visible carbonation. Light aroma of herbal hops. Some yeasty earthy aroma as well. Taste is light malt sweetness and bunches of herbal and citrusy hops- lemons. Not much bitterness. Very full flavored pils. Medium bodied. A bit heavier than most pils I've had. Very well carbonated. Very nice American pils."
"I have never had a ""pilsner"" that tasted like this one. There is a unique flavor to this that made me question if I had a fresh bottle or not. While not unpleasant, the aroma and taste is unique to anything I have tried thus far so it had me reaching for ways to describe it. I was very impressed with the appearance, especially the staying power of that abundant head and the continuing carbonation. Overall, pretty good."
"This is not really a ""pilsner," it is a ""Franconian Kellerpils."" That is a wonderful style served in the brewpubs of the region of Germany just east of Bamberg. Aroma is pure spicy/floral Saaz hops, crisp and clean. straw color with a dense white head. Slight haze. Flavor is clean hops with a firm malt backbone, tail is all Saaz!"
"Try it if you can find it!"
"Overall: A top notch German style pils, get it while you have the chance. Rumor is it might be going away, which would be a shame. Highly recommended to pilsner fans and anyone else looking for a good beer."
"Drinkability - such an intense beer for a pils. Fantastic, though not what I'd call a session pick, it's almost too good for that. A top pilsner to enjoy one or two of anytime."
"Bottled on 4/13/07. Pours a nice straw golden color with a bubbly, foamy stark white head. Some stickage and lacing. Lightly grassy and herbal with a good pale malt backbone with hints of toastiness and clover honey. A nice astringency rounds out each sip that starts with some malt sweetness. Spicy/herbal mid and a light, oily hop finish. Very well balanced, rather malty and rather hoppy, but neither overpower each other. Mouthfeel is good, with a healthy carbonation matching a moderately bodied pils. Refreshing and drinkable. I wish it was available in my area."
"A hazey golden brew with a thin white head and good lacing. The aroma includes wheat and tart citrus. The flavor brings a light citrus hops with some, oat, biscuit and light malt. It is nicely carbonated for a refreshing and light drink and finishes pretty dry. Drinkability is OK but it is more on the dry side than I would like for multiple knock-backs. Give it a try, depending on your tastes, this may appeal to you as a relatively tastey summer brew option."
"D - This pilsner has great drinkability, balanced and refreshing. A classic pilsner, I recommend this for anyone who appreciates a German style pils. It goes down easy and is great for year-round drinking. It is a shame this brand will not be around much longer since it was sold."
"Long, very bitter finish. The grass comes home to roost. Love the hoppy flavors and bittering. For an american pils, this is outstanding. A true pils, flavorful, bitter, refreshing."
"Pours a hazy yellow color with a white head. Aromas of a nice German sweet malt and hop presence. In the taste, malty and somewhat dry, a small bitter, but not much. A clean and refreshing mouthfeel, with a dry aftertaste. Not as bitter/ hoppy as expected for a pilsner, but very smooth and nice."
"I wasn't blown away by Tuppers' Hop Pocket Ale and I'm not blown away Hop Pocket Pils. They're both solid, but far from spectacular. If the rumors of this beer's demise are true, I'm sure that Mid-Atlantic BAs will be able to find a German Pilsener to take THPP's place. Prima Pils anyone?"
"A highly drinkable beer, in my opinion. I personally like the ale a bit more, but the HP Pils is a worthy second choice. I hope another brewery is able to pick up the slack and take on this recipe, because it's mighty fine, not to mention a local favorite."
"Really good stuff here. Highly drinkable, highly enjoyable."
"D - Great. I keep finding good Pils I can't get in this area. If I could this one would be an everyday summer refresher."
"I can remember being bowled over by this beer. Casey had it on the hand pump at Max's one evening and it was all I drank. Just Amazing. I often compared it to the Prima in style and quality. Sadly, a very recent visit to OD in Ashburne VA found this item diminished and offkey. The usually wonderful malt/hops tension was lacking and there was no sparkle. Granted, it was still a decent tasting brew but I left scratching my head. I did not inquire if there were any changes to the brew but don't think it was an age or dispensing issue. Maybe it was just me."
"Crisp, refreshing mouthfeel. Carbonation is spot -on. Touch of bitterness in the aftertaste and just a hint of dryness has me longing for another sip. Very easy drinker."
"*I know that Beer Advocate classifies this as German Pilsner, but frankly I think the malt character is too rich and hop flavor too spicy for that be accurate."
"Overall impression: Very nice balance of malt and hops with plenty of different flavors."
"Hazy straw color, smells of light malts and citrus. Tasted very fresh, light toasty malt, and a crisp lemony hop bite on the front end, with a fairly clean and crisp finish that balances hops and malts nicely. Very drinkable, and enjoyable - went great with my fried fish sandwich. An excellent choice for a daily libation."
"And an awesome brew with mussels in a garlic butter sauce."
"Had a slight off-white glass ring for a head, over a hazy golden-yellow body. There was negligible lace, and not enough carbonation visible. The nose had a mild herbal character, and some sweet cereal notes. The taste was crisp and metallic, with herbal hops. It was a bit sour, and had an off vegetable flavor. The mouth was a bit thick for my taste, with medium-high carbonation. It was still a refreshing drink, but a bit off in a number of areas."
"An interesting, satisfying, even sessionable pils that over-delivers for both the ABV and price."
"Drinkability: Eagerly bought a few bottles when I saw the pils next the the Hop Pocket ale which I enjoy. After they're gone, won't bother to buy it again. Changing the hop variety(ies) could make a big improvement, I think. Mediocre beer that doesn't really fit the style, nor does it stand on its own."
"Light slightly hazy golden color, huge fluffy head, that keeps a nice collar and spotty soapy cap all the way down. Smell is very grainy with slight lemon backing. Malty upfront. Grainy, very lightly toasted crisp malts with some nice acidity. Then in moves the hops, not overwhelming, but very fresh, spicy, slight lemon and giving the impression of hay. Slightly grassy through the finish. Well bittered, but not strongly so at all. Medium dry finish. Mouthfeel is really nice, very high, carbonation creates a slightly abrasive feel, which i happen to like in pils. Excellent drinkability. A very nice pils, that i can typically find FRESH (along with Victory Prima Pils--which is very different than this, and this is a welcome change of pace), unlike many other pils."
"An interesting and tasty pils. According to the bottle and website, this is actually supposed to be a take on the keller bier style - a style I'm not really familiar with."
"I need to get this again because I'm pretty sure I really like this pils."
"Burnished gold. Thick, bright white head consisting of small bubbles that settles slowly leaving dense bands of lacing. Steady, voluminous carbonation streams move quickly upwards. Wonderful spicy noble hop nose with some nice fresh malt tones. The smell is grassy, spicy, and bright. Well hoped up front with plenty of grassy, earthy, spicy flavors coating the mouth. The finish is lush, crisp, and clean with a lingering bite that is simply perfect. The malt provides just enough body, but this one is designed to let the hops shine in their own light. Medium bodied with a lightly effervescent mouthfeel, light and crisp, but firm if that is possible. A simply delectable, defined, and distinctive pilsener. Fantastic and probably the best pilsener in the country."
" It's a golden straw color,clear with ascending champagne-like bubbles and a crisp yeasty head. the aroma is yeasty and spicy--very clean and direct.It's a dry but flavorful taste, and proof that pilseners while ""delicate"" when well crafted are quite complex-- a subtle complexity perhaps but this is ""craft"" beer in the real sense of the word-- no extremism just a well balanced, excellent tasting beer that is exceptional for the style. The hoppiness is perfect (Saaz not German?) It's maybe a tad light on maltiness but it's pilsener. The finish is clean and tangy/spicy. A great beer to drink with seafood or pasta dishes. The body is light and it has a perfect, faint tinge of astringency behind the carbonation which is prominent but not fizzy. eminently drinkable and if you think pilseners are boring you need to try this."
"Drinks very easy. Stands shoulder to sholder with most german pils I've had. Try this!"
"12 oz., bottled on 10/28/05, and labelled as a keller style pils. It pours into the pilsner glass an unfiltered gold with high carbonation leading up to a 1 finger white head that sticks pretty well. The aroma is lemony and skunky (in a good way) with spicy/grapefruit hops and an almost phenolic tartness. There is a substantial bitterness from the lemon/grapefruit hops and there are light toasted malts in the background with a phenolic medicinal kick, though not sure if there are phenols in the beer. It has a light to medium body that is very easy drinking and leaves a medium finish. Quite nice and worth seeking out."
"Drinkability: Tuppers Hop Pocket Pils is very drinkable. A nice Keller Pils that is crisp and dry to the mouth. Plenty of saaz/noble hops and a mild maltiness to balance it out. Very thirst quenching. A session beer through and through, in fact I think I'll grab another one out of the fridge. Seek this one out and you will not be disappointed. Another fine beer from the folks at Old Dominion."
"This is an exceptionally drinkable brew. Not overly big, but very refreshing. Much more of a pils in the Czech mold. Very nice."
"Good body and moderate carbonation. I'd have another."
"This is a nice drinking pils. Maybe a little strong with the IBUs, but definitely a good one to try if you enjoy this style. Glad I bought 6."
"drinkability: high"
"Very drinkable, sessionable, and a good choice for summer."
"Poured in two servings, first light gold and clear, second with a slight haze. Smell is grass and sweet hay/wheat. Light & crisp in the mouth with a hoppy grapefruit or orange rind bitterness in the finish. Went down quite easily, very drinkable, hoppy pilsener."
"Overall, a very well rounded pils that I'll certainly enjoy again. Contrary to what Miller Lite proclaims, this is a real ""true pilsner."""
"Drinkability: A refreshing quaffer"
"bottling date of jan. 13, 2005. pours a golden yellow-orange with a 1 inch bright white head in a pint glass. lots of carbonation and bubbles with quite a bit of floaties as well. head sticks around 'til the end and laces well. aroma is lightly hoppy, a touch lemony and surprisingly yeasty. clean, almost soapy aroma. first sip is moderately bitter and bready. hops are herbal and lightly spicy. lots of grainy bread to contrast. not very sweet and finishes dry with a yeasty bitterness. there is a touch of metallic flavor. mouthfeel is crisp, clean and very carbonated. swallow isn't bad considering the light body. goes down very easily as i'm more than half way done with the beer at this point. no alcohol hinderance and the aftertaste keeps you drinking. would make a nice summer brew. overall, pilsners aren't my favorite style, but this isn't a bad offering. nice, easy to drink summer quaffer if you're looking for something with almost no sweetness."
"Appeared very light and airy with a soft golden glow and high level of carbonation and a gentle head that left quickly. Subtle aromas of pine and citrus. The taste was balanced between fruity sweetness and hop bitterness with a slight leaning towards bitterness. Not very much flavor in this beer with a texture that was close to watery and somewhat astringent. I sampled this twice, but opted not to get a pint of it so that illustrates my lack of enthusiasm over this particular beer. Not as dry in the finish or refreshing in it's inherent characteristics as would be expected for this style."
"I'm no fan of pilsners, but this one has made me a fan. It is stonger, but still reserved to be a sunny day, porch sitting drinker. Maybe this is what the macros were before they started using adjuncts."
"A very nice and not a dumbed down Pilsner here. Strong spicy golden elixir that is very good. However this may put some off, as it is a very aggressive Pilsener, I frankly love it!"
"Beer is good. Happy leafy pils beering."
"Thanks to the Tuppers. You’re an inspiration to all the beer lover out there."
"Cloudy yellow with a good sized foamy white head. Pretty hoppy nose up front with plenty of floral notes. Nice biscuit malt and grain scents are there as well. The taste is nice and hoppy with a herbal earthiness being dominant. Nicely bitter with plenty of doughy malt that was slightly toasty and sweet. Nice overall full flavor with a great hoppy edge. Crisp, clean and quite refreshing I don’t know why I don’t buy this more often. Very drinkable stuff that I could easily go through a six of and not notice until I reach for another and I’m out."
"Bottle: Poured a golden color pils with super huge fluffy white head with good retention. Aroma of well balances floral hops. Taste is quite refreshing with a good malt backbone and nice crisp hops. Body is above your average pils. Very good for the style."
"I'm not a pilsner fan at all. This, however, is different, and I like it! I must admit, I've not really had much of an opportunity to consume real pilsners, just the mass market schlock, and that is what I've based my ""pilsner opinion"" on. Tuppers' Hop Pocket will change that. It is a very good drink to try, even if you haven't had a pilsner you've liked."
"Picked this up on a trip out east. Pours a cloudy, hazy yellow. Not much aroma to speak of. Taste is harshly hoppy, no gentleness to it. I would guess straight up cluster hops. Almost a slight metallic taste to it. Mouthfeel is thin. Where is the malt? This is almost like drinking a hop tea with a slight beer taste to it."
"Found this to be very average. Pours a light amber, very little head. Aroma is pretty lifeless, a tiny bit of hops and malt. Bitter, metallic, slightly grassy notes, bitty hop bite at the end. Mouthfeel is average at best. There's really no discerning characteristics about this beer.... its just ""a beer"" for lack of a better explanation. It doesn't have any of the horrid tastes/smells of a macro, but it doesn't have anything great to make it stand out either. Kinda like a nondescript contract brewed house beer that so many places have."
"According to the bottle, half of the profits from this one go to charity. A beer to be shared with friends!"
"If you liked this, but want some more hops, try Tuppers Hop Pocket Ale, also a good choice--extremely hoppy."
"This is an interesting take on the style, I would recommend everyone try it."
"Dark Golden with an awesome head of white foam. The aroma is hoppy up front with a nice biscuity malt aroma in the mix as well. The taste is extremely hoppy, raw, and undefined as its brother is, however the floral citrusy aspects of this one and the more biscuity malt character reall hold it together much nicer than the IPA. I actually prefer the rawness of the IPA made by this brewery, but I can definately see why quite a few BA's would prefer the pils. Mouthfeel is crisp refreshing and thirst quenching. Finish is dry and hoppy, but not bone dry. Drinkability is very good, especially in summer when I love to quaff quite a few Hop Pockets when outdoors in the hear for a BBQ/cook out..."
"Light, creamy mouthfeel finished out a very refreshing package. A smooth beer of summer, this is definitely worth seeking out again and again."
"Seems nicer balanced than the bottled bersion but that also seems to detract from it's robustness... Maybe a bit more drinkable due to it's more subdued nature."
"The beer pours a hazy pale gold color with a thick frothy white head that slowly fades to lacing. The aroma is good. It has a grainy pale malt scent along with a citrus hop aroma. It is dry with a little skunkiness to it. The taste is decent. It has a dry, light pale malt flavor that goes down easy and finishes highly bitter. It has a skunky/metallic aftertaste. The mouthfeel is decent also. It is a low bodied beer with a bit too much carbonation. This is a decent beer, but nothing special. I like the aroma, but the carbonation makes drinking it a bit difficult."
"I could definitely drink a six pack of this, so far a favorite on my pils list. I never knew D.C. had so many good brewers in the areas."
"Cloudy pale yellow color. Nice and big white head that sicks around until the end. Smells malty with a big scipy hop. I detect a fair amount of yeast. Meduim-light body with tight carbonation. The taste is clean. Sweet malts up front with a big hop background. Finishes semi-dry and hoppy. A very tasty pilsner! Not used to the unfiltered pilsner but I enjoy it! worth the money!"
"Pours into a stange with a 2 inch, thick white head and a cloudy, pale golden/yellow body. The aroma is very light, a spicy saaz hops smell with a light bready background. The taste is dominated by hops, starts with a biscuit-like malt flavor and segues into resiny, spicy hops taste that coats the mouth, you can really taste the saaz hops in this one. Im sure this isnt as fresh as could be and thats why the taste isnt really all the way there (this bottle is dated from may 2003) and if it was fresher it would be much better i think. But even so, a 2 year old bottle isnt half bad."
"Crisp and clean mouthfeel. Would go great with ribs, or oily fish. This pils was made for fried foods. Drinkability is very high.. This is a pils with bones that even the non pilsner fan can like"
"poured a light amber, slightly cloudy amber color woth moderate white head. The smell is of hops with a citrusy crispness. The taste matches the smell and adds an additional dryness that is enjoyable. A certain bitterness reasmins in the mouth. A verty refreshing pilsener."
"More domestic craft brewers should create a pilsener style and put hops somewhere in the name to generate interest. Pours a green hued hazy yellow with a thin head forming characters of the Chinese alphabet or genetic code, I can't tell which. Smells of daisy bagels and caramel creamed cheese. A draught starts radish sprout sweet to turn instantly tin. The middle exhibits characteristics of deodorant soap that detract from the overall package, young hops? After reading the label I desperately wanted to love this beer, an unfiltered lager, half the profits to charity and all that but the raw element is just too disturbing."
"Nice head and quality aroma for a pils. Taste good but metallic. Dry hoppy character. Them saaz hops. Light-medium mouthfeel. Dry bitter hop leaf finish. An interesting pils though we had better over the course of the evening. Thanks for sharing, Radek."
"Pours a very high head, with big bubbles but it still lasts a good while and breaks down with some slight rockiness. The aroma is mild, but good, with floral hops and some slight graininess. The flavor is crisp, dry and a little malty with very light hop flavor, with a balancing hop bitterness at the end. I'd maybe like a little more hop bitterness but this is a good beer, solid, a great choice and solidly made if maybe a little underwhelming."
"Very high drinkability in my book"
"12 ounce bottle. 06May2004. I think I will search out a fresher example before closing the book on this one."
"Well done."
"Not an especially exciting beer, but it's very well crafted, refreshing and a very fine pilsner."
"Poured into an imperial pint glass, formed a 1"" white head above a straw-hued brew. Resilient head with good lacing. Aroma lightly of piney, citrusy hops, but could be more pronounced for something with ""hop"" in its name. Taste is lightly of pale malts, but is dominated by the crisp, somewhat lemony hops character. Mouthfeel and drinkability both good. Nice summer brew, or just anytime, really."
"Poured a cloudy light yellow with decent head and lacing. Smell was very lightly malty...not overly impressive. Taste was refreshing witha good malt presence...a nice hoppy kick in the finish. Mouthfeel was medium and had a slight oiliness, that reduced my mouthfeel rating. A good hot weather brew with enough crispness to have more than one."
"Wyll-"
"Just about the perfect beer for a warm summer day. Pours a very pale yellow, with steady carbonation, but the head receeds to a thin film. It has a sort of tangy smell, a spicy maltiness. But man, does it go down smooth, very light, with a pleasant crispness too it. A sort of spicy maltiness, slightly drying. Enough flavor to keep it tasty, but light bodied and refreshing."
"A likable pils, probably the best I've tried lately. Easy to drink and I'll buy again. Very refreshing."
"Another solid pilsener, with a bit of citrusy taste to it. Quite good, and hopefully this will be in Pittsburgh along with the other Dominion brands."
"I like it very much."
"Beer takes on some steam beer characteristics when served cask conditioned--lots of fruity esters, slighly cloudy, low carbonation, slight sweetness cutting through moderate hoppyness. Head was slight but white and foamy. I enjoyed the presentation and flavor--just great for a hot day, perfect with BBQ or spicy food. I hope I can find this beer on cask somewhere close to home."
"Pours a hazy straw color with a nice fizzy head that clings nicely to the glass,great aromas of lemon,toasted malt and light grass this to me smells like summertime in the bottle!Taste is crisp and zippy with a big lemony flavor with a little iron in the finish more malt tilted but u can pick up some herbal hop notes and a late dryness after a few sips.Wow what a great summertime beer,honestly I could drink this all day will have more of these tonight for sure."
"Light-medium body, a bit oily, great bitterness for a pils especially in the aftertaste. Would make a great hot weather beer."
"Drinkability: Damn near a perfect session beer."
"This is a very well rounded beer. I opened it thinking that Pils brewed in the States by one company to be sold by another probably would suck. Boy was I wrong. I have two more bottles that came in my monthly beer box and will make sure these are guarded so that they are only drank by me and when I am sober enough to truly enjoy them."
"Poured a nice yellow amber with a small white head. The smell was of lemons, citrus hops and sweet caramel malt. The taste was very smooth for a true Pils and not quite enough ""bite"" for me --- it was hoppy with citrus and floral tinges kicking through but overall it did not seem to fit a ""true"" Pilsner style for me. It was just a little to fruity and sweet for my tastes but still very enjoyable. The Pilsner style is hard to nail down and even harder to make memorable. This is a nice Pils overall and I would get it again, but not up there with Prima Pils and some others."
"A very enjoyable Pils! The beer pours a lovely and most refreshing looking lemony yellow. A snowy white head leaves just enough cap to make the brew look appealing. Looks aside, the beer has a very fresh aroma, and again lemony/citrusy hops come to mind-some sweet malt shows itself as well. A tasty mouthful of beer too-crisp, clean, lemony, with a very nice balance of hop and malt. I detect a bit of anise on the finish. A fine pils!! I can see this working with a pasta dish featuring lemon, garlic, olive oil, shrimp and some crushed red peppper flakes-maybe a little cream, and of course the parmagiano..."
"Thanks for the sample Murph."
"Wow, sucking on Saaz juice. What a pilsener, and an unfiltered (Keller) one at that. If you don't believe a great pilsener exists, you must try this beer. It will quickly show why this style, when done right, can be an elegant, complex, and refined brew. Even if you don't like pilseners and you like hops, this is a must. I like the Tuppers' Ale, but this is outstanding, possibly the best pilsener made outside the Bohemian/Czech homeland. Plus, half of all proceeds from this beer goes to charity, can't beat that..."
"Overall a good pilsener and one of the best I've had. Big thanks to AKSmokedPorter for the sample!"
"bottle, unfiltered, room temperature in a lager glass: Appearance is a golden liquid, shining and appealing, beautiful. Big sticky mountainous frothy head is diminishing, but leaves a good 2cm for a long time. Excellent balanced aroma of fresh harvested hops, I'd have thought a mix of Saaz and Cascade, but description tells me not. Malt profile is closing to honey in nose, but quite restrained in mouth, maybe a sweet peat moss aspect. Pretty dry all the way, very herbal with a nice creamy/powdery texture. Surprisingly a mild alcohol note toward the finish.. Good, but I expected more following Jackson's praise. Thanks Mike!"
"Other: This was actually called Tupper's Cask Conditioned Keller Pils for the evening, but it's essentially a cask conditioned version of this beer, so I didn't enter it as a new beer. This won Gold at GABF for the pils category. Uses all Saaz hops."
"Taste is grassy light malt. Lightly sweet followed by huge hops flavors - fruity and bitter. Hops bitterness hangs around on the palate forever. Finish is bitter and crisp. Hoppy aftertaste. Very nice pils and nice and hoppy."
"Golden yellow color. Medium head. Aroma is floral hops and citrusy. A medium bodied pilsner. Malts are fruity and sweet. Hops are grapefruity and floral. This is a hoppy beer for a pilsner; it definitely has some flavor and some bite to it. There is a touch of tartness/sourness that while unexpected, is still rather pleasant. A nice, easy drinking, refreshing pilsner. It looks like a fizzy yellow beer, but its not. Mouthfeel is full and round. Finish is clean and dry. Aftertaste is slightly bitter."
"pretty golden with some haze because i stired it up an army of bubbles floating up to support a half-inch head that is white and laces quite nicely the glass. plesant malt and wheat scents like grass. tuppers hop profile detected in nose, very signature. should be good. green and grassy taste with predominant hops plowing through the malts. citrus fruit and some vegetable tastes. the hop profile is a bit too active for my understanding of the pils style, maybe i'll have to broaden my pils horizons...no problem! also it seemed to mellow out after it sat around for a month or so, interesting indeed. maybe if i thought it was a summer brew or some sort of special lager i wouldn't have this trouble and i could dig it that way. the mouthfeel is great and bubbley but i'd say a bit watery. a light maltiness hides behind all of this hop activity and as usual goes well with the tuppers hop treatment, i'm sorry i lashed out like that earlier. this beer is nice and very drinkable and golly is it crisp."
"Yet another winner from ""Ol' Dom""."
"Poured a hazy and pale yellow color with a huge bubbly white head. Sweet lemony grass and a musty citrus hop dominate the aroma of this beer. There is a nice spiciness underlying somewhere in there. Almost like a nutmeg or maybe coriander. Not your everyday pilsner, but one that’s a bit more flavorful. Very good."
"Great bottle conditioned Pils. Cloudy deep gold with a fluffy almost snow-white head. Fantastic hop aroma with yeast and malt giving it a nice rounded aroma. Highly carbonated and a crisp mouthfeel. Flavor is a good balancing act of malt and hops with citrus notes giving it an overall pleasing flavor."
"Notes: Actually a very clean, dry beer. Quaffable- leaves you wanting more. Would be a good session beer."
"Wow, this beer is impressive in all truth this is what a true pilsener should be on the label it states that it's a keller pils. I am now on an official mission to gather other examples of this style or to pick up a case of this from somewhere. Appears with a hazy golden sunshine tone and one massive mountainous white creamy textured pillowy head. Lace is evenly rung and wonderfully scattered around my conical shaped glass. Aroma bombards me with Hallertau and peppery Saaz hops just amazing underneath this wonderful hop aroma is a sugary malt presence, enticing just by the smell how much better can this beer taste is my only question. Citrusy, peppery bite mixes with one awesome wave of malt that seems to flow so well together that this beer has to be a classic pils in my mind. Texture is perfect when it it's your mouth and the carbonation blended with the texture of the medium body and slightly syrupy mouthfeel. Drinkability is devine a got to staple of any beer enthusiasts diet, this is why I rank this beer as my favorite pils to date."
"Fairly soft and lightly buttery malts, with some lightly spicy, quite floral hops, Faintly sharp finish with the hops, mild bitterness, a pretty good pilsener, with an added sharpness in the bitterness, pretty spot on for a pils, without the softness of a nice Czeck one. Nobbad."
"I think this is a kellerbier, so I was expecteing a hazy glass of beer. What I got was one fabulous looking pilsner, with a pillowy white head and a sparkling golden body. Excellent head retention, too. Hoppy aroma is also very nice, I can sense the Hallertau, and some peppery Saaz. The server said there's also Mt. Hood (and I think he said something else too, but the beer was distracting me). The taste is very sharp and hoppy, but then a strong malt backbone joins in. This is a great beer! Hoppy, malty, clean, and good looking. The mouthfeel is good, with a strong effervescence. The drinkability is also very good. I could drink a lot of these. Old Dominion has me thinking highly of the state of Virginia (reagardless of the outcome of Big East football games this year. Go Pitt!)"
"Hop Pocket Pils: thanks to the BIF, I am sampling this well known beer. Initial pour spewed up a fairly large head that dissipated very quickly. The color of the head was a pure white. The beer itself is golden, with a slight haze. The aroma is very typical of a pils, with a slight fruity hint of the hops. The taste is very pleasant with a deep and long lasting hops taste. The hops are flowery in taste, which provides a sweet aftertaste. The hops are somewhat oily in the end. Very nice, and would match well with your spicy foods. Thanks to Murph for the sample."
"Pours a clear straw yellow color. A huge fluffy white head presents itself upon initial pouring, and then fades away very slowly, leaving a sticky lace on the glass. A high level of carbonation keeps a nice 1/4-inch foamy cap atop the beer for the entire duration. There are so many aromas that come out of the glass with the most dominating one being a floral hop aroma. There is a beautiful medley of many other scents to include lemon zests, grapefruit, honey, and yeast bread. The taste is just as complex as the aroma, the hops are definitely the powerhouse here. There is a slight sour apple flavor that tends to push its way through citrus fruit and an ever so subtle pepperiness. The finish is light and dry. This is a very refreshing pilsner, I will definitely try it again."
"A very quaffable, refreshing beer but with a great deal of character and just beautiful craftmanship evident in the brewing. This is the kind of craftmanship that deserves a place at the top on this site with the big Belgians, stouts, and in-your-face hops/west coast beers. Definitely seek this pils out on a warm spring day."
"First off I have to say that I would not be having this beer if not for Murph. Thanks! Pours cloudy straw colored with a small white head that doesn't last. The smell is sweet hops. The taste is very smooth with the hops coming through more in the end. There are also hints of citrus and vanilla. The ending almost leaves your mouth tingling as it is very effervesent. I am normally not a huge Pilsener fan but this brew is very good. My first Old Dominion beer and I am very impressed."
"A nebulous orange color on the pour with an exorbitant head and the texture frothy, the lace left behind beige in color and covers the glass with fine sheets. The pleasant floral aroma hits the senses immediately, malt and also citrus crisp and fresh, just plain “Yummy”. Malt dominates the start, the top middling and the finish scrumptiously hopped, exquisitely acidic, dry semi bitter after taste that lingers longingly on the palate. A great Pilsner and one I wish were more readily available here in the West."
"Cloudy straw yellow head. Huge pillowy soft white head. Broke into sticky clumps and laced the glass. 1/4 head stayed with beer to the bottom. I haven't seen a pilsener do this in a while, maybe ever. Slight sweet buttery smell, then super hoppy bitterness kicks in. Taste is slighltly buttery to start, some subtle lemon grass, could be saaz hops there. Tartness stays through the taste. Finish is a super bitter kick in the taste buds. Lingers and puckers your mouth, wow. I can see where this beer would scare people off. But it is a very full flavored, refreshing, crisp beer."
"Who would have thought that I'd have had to drink a pilsener to make up for a bad experience with a stout? (see my Lawson Creek Vanilla Cream Stout review) Pours beautifully. Large fluffy white head floats over the pale gold body. There seems like there may have been a little yeast in the bottle, but liquid in the glass remains clear. Everything is bright and shiny. Head lingers. There's some lemon on the nose, and a slight soapiness. Peppery (white, mostly) hops dominate the flavor, which is crisp and clean. It's quite hoppy and bitter, and a slight pine resin-like flavor makes me believe that they used more than just noble hops. Along with the Glacier BrewHouse's pilsener, this helps prove to me that not all beers of the style suck."
"Thanks Murph for sending it to me beacause I can't get a good Pils around here!"
"Pale yellow gold body topped by a firm white head.  Aroma of floral hops, grass, hay. Taste is of spicy hops, a nice malt backbone, and a twist of lemon. A very clean taste. Excellent refresher. Not as hoppy as big brother Hop Pocket Ale or Victory's Prima Pils, but in a class with both. Even my father-in-law, the Bud Drinker, liked it. Highly recommended."
"Pours a beautiful, clear, golden color with a beautiful creamy white head.  Great spicy hoppy zing in the nose of this with some interesting lemony aromas as well.  Nice spicy hoppy base to this beer that is quickly balanced out nicely by a great smooth and toasty malty base to it.  Supremely crisp and excellently refreshing, this is one awesome drinkable beer.  I can't wait to get to the brewpub and try some of this stuff at the source."
"Straw hue w/ a very slight haze.  Moderate head leaves loose lace.  Spicy & lemony hop nose w/ hints of pine.  Sharp, quick snap of hop bitterness hits the palette at first and bready grain and mild drying tannins ensue.  Lemony Tettanger hop flavor accompanied by citrusy notes.  Finishes dry, w/ cracker - like malt flavors quickly fading.  The assertive hop bitterness and clean malt profile lends Hop Pocket Pils a quenching nature & excellent drinkability.  Very enjoyable."
"Slight flower nose with hints of malt sweetness.  Very pale hazy look with lots of fluffy head.  Light hoppy taste.  Body is very light.  I am a ""hops fan"" so this is a pils I can really live with."
"very cloudy deep golden hue.  head is huge and foamy, and in the glass it looks like some idyllic beer commercial pour.  smell is a of potpouri of hops, just as the taste is. starting spicy and ending minty.  a decent body holds this hop party together.  must be poured in a glass to let the carbonation work itself out and release the aromatic hop explosion.  this pils has some life to it and will excite the senses."
"Notes: 5.0%abv. Wow! What a wonderful beer to drink! An extremely complex beer hop wise."
