review_text
"It's an ok beer to drink, probably a bit special in it's own realm, but this has very little appeal to me personally."
"500ml bottle. Bavaria footed lager glass. Reddish amber color, clear appearanc. Off-white head shows shy retention. Noble hop & caramel aromas rounded by hints of toffee. Toasted & sweet malty upfront with herbal notes. Light body. Soft carbonation. Toffee & fudge chocolate flavors touched by low hoppiness lingers into a sweet –chocolate infusion-like- finish. Herbs on the aftertaste. A delightful & easy drinkable beer."
"O: Nice and well crafted. I'm having this with BBQ - works perfectly."
""
"Poured into a glass mug. Pours clear dark golden with a thick white head and plentiful tiny streaming bubbles. Some lacing is left on the side of the glass during consumption. I pick up aromas of bready and sweet malts with some grassy and floral hop aromas. The malt flavor of this beer is of biscuit, brown bread, and caramel. The floral and grassy hop flavors are there. There are also some slight spicy notes. There's also some possible yeast notes here. This is a medium bodied beer with moderate carbonation. The beer is smooth and very drinkable. This is an excellent beer."
"O: Excellent drinkability. Great beer. Recommended"
"Half litre bottle, ruby colour when it came out of the bottle but it faded and looked more copper at the end. Medium taned head which dissapeared fast. Smelled malty with a hint of vanila. Tasted lots of roasted malt with notes of cola. Long bitter finish, smooth texture, slightly oily. Found it hard to finish, not my thing."
"Dr: Expensive but worth a go for ye beer loving lads. 5.70 Euro is not equivalent to this beer's quality."
"a surpriseingly broad flavored keller for something that was such a clear look. this is a keller that seems to have a character all its own in the distinction. its quite fruity for a style. the nose is quite proper basement in quality. nose of apple crisp. palate of apple, pear earthy, and parsley. not a sour itch. but not a malty aged quality like an alt. something to have for the keller community. a beer with character."
"Clean finish. Light mouthfeel, refreshing."
"D: This one caught me off guard. I've had a few others from Weißenoher but this one stands far above the rest."
"D-very drinkable beer. I would drink this again (if I could find it). Great with food."
"This drinks easy, without as much cellar tang as other kellers. Whether that makes it a better or worse example of the style, I'm not sure, but I enjoyed it."
"Poured into a Seidel glass. I was a little surprised by the copper color that was produced, but it was a pleasing appearence. The smell had a little maltiness, but overall it smell rather metallic and somewhat bitter. The taste by far was the most disappointing part. At the start, it made an attempt to have some spice that vaguely resembled a beer like Gose ohne Bedenken. However, this quickly turned into bitterness and a really poor aftertaste. For a Kloster beer this was pretty bad."
"Poured a tall, foamy, pale cream colored head that left a few strands of lace. Deep copper colored beer has a bit of a glow to it. Light caramel malt in the aroma with metallic note to it. Rich malty flavor like a Maibock. Watery, but full mouthfeel. A nice beer with a good dose of flavor. Simple and easy drinking."
