review_text
"I don't think this bottle was expired since the complete lack of sediment or turbidity tells me that what was filled into this bottle was not representative of their normal product.  I wonder if a really old keg was used to fill it or if something went awry in the filling lines.  Regardless, it points to questionable quality control and I will not be buying again."
""
""
"This is appears to be my first authentic Kellerbier. I looked up the style to get some frame of reference. This one seems to fit the description for the most part. Pours a fairly cloudy, deep dark amber with a white foamy head. Aroma is mainly sweet with some yeast. Taste is very sweet. Like carmel and honey, with some toasted malt similar to a sweet, fresh baked dark bread. Also crisp like a pilsner, and a very faint hop bite. Finishes with a lingering candy sweetness, almost like some sort of sugar coated cereal. Nice lager."
""
""
""
"I'm still learning about these kellerbiers, but I enjoy this one. I think I need to delve into this style much more to learn just how well this beer represents it."
""
""
""
"Price Point - $5.29/16.9 oz swingtop bottle"
""
""
""
""
"O: All in all a good brew, but not very noteworthy. Would be better as a beer to have with a meal than all on it's own like I had."
""
""
"Food pairings: Soft Pretzel, sausage, mashed potatoes, slow roasted beef"
""
""
""
""
""
""
"This sort of reminds me of Dampfbier a bit but a lighter sweetness which is more noticeable and a good fruity character to it also. However, this is not what I normally want out of a Keller."
""
""
"Very nice, easy drinking beer that I'd gladly indulge in again."
"Overall: I can't get very excited by this beer - way too malty for my palate and the mouthfeel was flabby"
"Overall, ok. Highly drinkable as there are no harsh edges. Would tire of these after two, but still worth trying."
"Overall: an interesting beer, worth a try if you're into the style. That weird flavor right up front, though, is a bit of a turn-off for me. There are better examples of the style."
""
""
""
"Lots of malt sugars in this beer--like dissolving a malt ball in the beer. Very little hop. The body is thin, the carbonation high. The iron is also in the taste. Think watered down Scotch Ale, even though this is a lager."
""
""
""
""
"O - Kinda fun to try, but leaves me unimpressed. I'll try it again it warmer months, when I'm sure it'll be reprieve from the lawn-mower beers. But there's not much good I can say about it now."
"Taste is a nice combination of rye and oats, with a soft finish close to grapefruit. Quite drinkable, without any aggressive carbonation. Pleasant!"
"Pours a dark amber color with a fluffy head that leaves lacing clinging to the glass. Scents of barley and yeast are the most noticeable. You can really find the barley as it is very grainy tasting. Quite earthy and mellow flavor that gives this beer great drinkability. Some attributes that I can see people pointing out is I do find the volume to be a little too thin and the after taste is not as good as it could be as it is sort of chalky."
""
"Drink- For a style I've never had it was a bit of a let down as the bottle I feel has fallen off a little bit. I'd like to trade for a Surly hell to compare"
""
"D: i thought these werent supposed to be clear? regardless, drinkable and tasty. clean. not a wow-er, but still an easy drinking lager."
"D. A very light beer with high carbonation level. An easy drinker that would go down well over the summer."
"Overall: Interesting style - and it grew on me as I finished it off. I do wonder though if this was fresh. I'll have to revisit this style again when I know for sure the beer is fresh and see if my review changes any. Not an outstanding beer - definitely above average but nothing special, but again, the bready flavor grew on me after awhile hence my slightly higher rating on the overall category."
"Pours a crystal clear orange with a 1 inch bone colored head that fades to a small cap. Small rings of lacing drip back down into the remaining beer. Smells of caramel/toffee and biscuit-like malt. Taste is the same as the smell with a hint of hops coming in on the finish. Very slight bitterness on the palate after each sip quickly fades. This beer has a good level of carbonation with a crisp and clean mouthfeel. Overall, this is a good German beer and my first of both the style and from this brewery. I had been searching everywhere for a beer of this style so I am glad I finally got to try one."
"D-Very easy drinking beer, but the mouthfeel and flavor profile hurt the drinkability in that it isn't a super complex or interesting beer. I'd like to give this one a try again if I could find a fresher example."
"O: I didn't really appreciate my first Kellerbier but this is much better."
"Basically I'm getting a plain amber malt taste with a touch of a caramel. Either this beer has been on the shelf too long or it's just kind of plain. However, the dates aren't notched on the label. There's a touch of hops, but this tastes more like a pale Euro lager than a pilsner."
"Overall a nice slightly complex and unusual beer, perhaps overly malty for many."
"This beer appears a nice copper color with a decent white froth of foam on the surface. The aromas are a bready yeast nose mixed with light apple juice and a touch of banana. The flavor is mostly comprised of the apple juice and what may even be a touch of corn syrup, though I hope that's not true. It's decent on the palate, seems to go down rather smooth though it may be because of the watery nature. This beer is highly underwhelming, but still decent."
"I'm a little confused. I thought this style should have a cloudy appearance from the yeast in suspension, but this beer was quite clear."
"A really lovely beer. I've had many zwickl and keller beers in Austria and this one is pretty tops. Granted a lot of the ones I had were mass-produced crap that my father in law drank. However I managed to have a few decent ones, but this one's malty sweetness fits right in with my liking. The wheat still stands out and combines well with the sweetness. Has a nice crisp finish that has you finishing the beer quickly."
"Drinkability: very easy to drink. Refreshing and satisfying. I will definitely revisit this kellerbier."
"D - Ubber-drinkable. This is light, sweet, and creamy and goes down easy.Very nice for such a unique style. Worth checking out again for an easy drinker. Their website has some nice info on the old family brewery that makes this stuff."
"Drinkability is OK. I have had other examples of the style and they were thicker."
"D: A little darker and heavier then you would expect from your average kellerbier. Interesting and different but when I think of kellerbier I think of a light and crisp summertime drink with a sharp and pronounced crispness and light citrusy touch. This was more malty and fruity, almost bock like at times, more suited for the fall season."
"Pours a nice light brown with a fairly good head. Very warm caramel smell and nuttiness. I drank it with a few apps and enjoyed it a lot. I was expecting a little more depth and thicker mouthfeel. I wish they would put a little more into this beer, as it is very good but feels like it could be excellent. ABV was very good and the carbonation was neutral, not sharp at all. Very nice, well worth a try. Great Kellerbier."
"D: The beer is very easy to drink and goes down smoothly."
"overall average session beer without much interesting going on, could be passed over."
"D-I understand this is a good representation of the style, but it's not for me."
"An easy drink German beer that is low in alcohol. Good stuff."
"I picked up a flip-top bottle at a gas station on my way to Zugspitze. Similar to a nutbrown. Light cola brown color. Fizzy soda head that settles down into large floating bubbles. Malty sweet aroma. Very smooth tasting and I think a great session beer."
"I poured into my glass to a short lived off white head. It is a dark amber color. The aroma is caramel malt. The taste is pretty much the same. There is no complexity here. It's just a simple beer. This beer goes down easy, and it is quite drinkable."
"an amber dingy wood color of a pour with a nice head of bigger bubbles. a nose of a lot of german malt, stale apple pie. palate was that exactly with a bitter quality of earth and a sour mild of plum. as it get warmer the nose brought out a lot of plum. and this seems to be a part of the whole thing. i would expect more of a cellar wood hop quality and a tad more of an interesting sour smokey zing. a good start. a hard style."
"Simple, solid, tasty. Good value."
"D-nice beer but a bit overly sweet for my taste. Wish hop balance was there or more pronounced."
"Drinkability - I could have chugged this bier in two gulps. It must have been lagered to death, and you really do get the feeling that this was stored in a cellar or a cave for a few months. Tasty and very authentic."
"A watery brew with a light body and light effervescence. Generously call this a decent beer with no oomph and little for either the nose or palate."
"It's drinkable beer hall beer, I guess. I won't buy another anytime soon, until I forget how disappointed I was. So which keller beer do I remember so fondly?"
"Pours amber with a light, wispy white head that quickly dissolves into nothing. The aroma is mostly bread with some toffee and a touch of hops. The flavor is more of the bread with some nuttiness and finishes semi-dry. Its light-medium bodied with a light amount of carbonation. Pretty tasty, highly drinkable but nothing special."
"Salinte."
"T--Tastes like cherry coke. It has an alcohol heaviness to it. Very black cherry taste. Interesting taste, but kind of bland. It could either use some aging or some hops."
"D - Very cleanly made beer. I've never had a kellerbier before, but I really enjoyed it. This beer has some of my favorite doppelbock flavor components, but in a lower alcohol, lighter body and less mouth-coating package. This would make a great every-day beer."
"Mouthfeel is light and crisp. Carbonation is okay, and drinkability is high, but isn't a beer style I'm too ecstatic about. Still fine, though."
"Cool swingtop bottle poured into a pint glass. Bronze-colored and clear, completely non-keller-esque. Small beige head fizzles out pretty quickly. Aroma and flavor are both basically Munich maltiness. There is a tiny aspirin note in the finish along with some substantial astringency on the palate. Not what I'm looking for in a kellerbier, closer to an oktoberfest or dunkel."
"0.5l bottle from Gourmet Haus Staudt, poured into an Andechs tumbler. Clear and copper-colored, the small frothy head quickly settles to a thin collar. This is oddly clear and free of sediment for a kellerbier; it looks more like a dunkel lager to me. Toasted malt, dark fruit-like esters and a faint mineral twang make up the aroma. It's toasty, fruity, mildly sweet and caramelly on the palate. There's a moderate hop bite to it as well, earthy in character. The finish is faintly mineral, hoppy, toasty, semi-sweet at first but ultimately drying. This is a perfectly decent beer, but it's hardly a kellerbier - more of a hoppy dunkel, perhaps. Clean and drinkable but fairly unremarkable."
"This one is eminently quaffable, but the over all flavor can be quite elusive. This would make an excellent chaser for a nice single malt Scotch."
"Another good beer from this brewery. This beer doesn't quite live up to the style but it's still drinkable regardless. Recommended."
"For the price, it's not bad. Not an epic beer, but a decent cold mug type brew. Would probably have again."
"Taste is nice, toasty barley, mineral, hint of caramelly toastiness, leafy-herbal elements, faint earthy hint up front with a zesty-leafy and faintly lemony finish. It is balanced with a zesty character and feel."
"D: This is a wonderfully drinkable beer, but it's not a Kellerbier. If I were a marketing man, I'd describe it as a hoppy Munich amber. I'd definitely drink another one of these, but please don't call it a Kellerbier, which should be cloudy (yeasty) and have much less carbonation."
"Drinkability: a mini-malt bombwith nice and sweet caramel tones. I will get this again and could have several per sitting. Anyone who likes maltier beers should give this a try."
"Pours a crystal clear bronze color with a small off-white colored head, rather small but leaves a solid ring. The aroma is very doughy, like a munich helles, a bit buttery, some honey sweetness and a spicy/peppery grassy hop. Not as doughy in the flavor, more of a caramel malt presence, some buttery funk, rust, finishes with a grassy/peppery hop. The feel is moderate with active carbonation; finishes fairly light and sweet, unlike others that I have had for the style. From my limited experience with the style this seems to be a bit below average. It has the traditional munich malt flavor but also has some funk/grainy/veggie flavor to it. Doesn't seem to have the body to fit the style either. M'eh, ok, might be better off picking up a good helles lager."
"The ""fruity"" side of German lager is here in this beer. Worth trying out if you're into trying German beer."
"Sweet corn and grain aroma, vaguely like honey and bread, just a touch musty. A bittersweet bready flavor also, fairly mild and thin. Barely any bitterness, and certainly no hop flavor or aroma. It's slightly more full bodied than a pilsner, but not by much. Pretty inoffensive, easy enough to drink. Just not much complexity or unique character to set it apart. Probably won't try this one again, but it's not bad."
"Not bad, but not really worth going out of your way to seek out."
"An easy drinker here. Simple and not highly refined, but pleasantly drinkable."
"Rich taste. The hops come in quick and fast at the tip of the tongue the the caramel malt and sweetness attack. It's crisp and clean sweetness. A small hint of smokey in then end. Slight aftertaste. Very nice, rich beer with a smooth easy drinking. Not really my style, but very nice."
"Disclaimer time: this is my first kellerweiss, I read the description of the style and tried to write my review based on my own personal enjoyment as well as my understanding of the style. I do not know if this is a good example of the keller bier, I do know that I would drink it again."
"D: Another good keller, love this style."
"Mouthfeel was medium in body. Medium/moderated carbonation. I'm no expert at defining beer styles but I'm pretty certain this is not a Kellerbier, more fitting as a dunkel. It is brown, clear as a bell and has no hints of yeast! However, it is a adequately tasty beer."
"D -- Drinkability is fine, could have a bottle or 2 in a sitting -- but I was expecting the richness of a Kellerbier, so I'm just a little disappointed. Honestly, this could probably pass for Smithwick's! Or vice-versa."
"Drinks pretty well, breadiness is smooth."
"Overall this would be a good example of the style to introduce somebody to the style, but there are better."
"I am not that impressed by the beer. Its timid nature doesn't lead to much depth or complexity. It's simplicity isn't refreshing or crisp enough. It's a very weak Dunkel."
"D: This was my first beer of this type, so I don't know how close it fits its style. For me, the most unique aspect was the mineral water flavors. The relatively low ABV makes it easy to consume multiples. A nice beer overall."
"amber, nice head recedes fairly quickly. smells of sweet malt, toffee, herbal hops. Taste has bready malt, herbal/grassy hops, nutty, some toffee. there could be somewhat of a mineral quality, perhaps from the water, but maybe im just not used to german hops. flavor is assertive but not bold. a small flash of bitterness hits midway through the taste, followed by a pleasant mild lingering sweetnesslight. light bodied, light carbonation. maybe im also just not used to session beers, because i feel like i could drink this all night long. my first time trying a keller bier and i quite like it. not overly flavorful but more complex than most german lagers ive tried, and very easy drinking. exceeded expectations."
"Appears a slight caramel hue copper bronze like tone to it, with an off white minimally beige head floating thick. Nice evenly coated lacing as I take each sip from this brew. Aroma has a mild caramel toasted malt character going on, I was expecting unfiltered brew from something labeled as a Kellerebier. Sadly that's not the case here, another semi sweet mildly toasted malt lager, a touch of brown sugar floods the light herbal hops tones. Flavor is semi roasty with some caramel notes just barely coming through, and sort of a tart character in the finish that actually works okay in this situation. Mouthfeel is medium bodied with moderate carbonation flows well on the palate. Drinkability overall isn't bad this beer has a high sugar concentration with some residual sugars definitely being returned through the high fermentation."
"D - It's certainly sessionable. Like I mentioned, I go back to this beer fairly often. If you like good malty, slightly-sweet German lagers that aren't overly toasty, you'll love this beer."
"Good beer. Got this bottle a couple a weeks ago at Sam's in Chi. Poured with a light tan, foamy, frothy head and no lace. Head lasts a while. Color is a brownish dark amber. Aroma is toffee, malt, leather, a bit toasty, and a hint of hop. Flavor's about the same. Smooth, mouth filling body with good carbonation. Easy drinking. Not over sweet malty finish. Session beer."
"D - this is a very drinkable beer and it held my interest throughout."
"My first experience with a Keller bier, so unfortunately I don't have something to compare it to. Appearance is a light amber, fairly clear, with a white head that quickly fades with almost no lacing. Light malty aroma. Taste is pleasant if not exactly memorable. Light drinking, a little sweet with just a hint of hops. Finishes quite cleanly; this is a pretty easy drinking beer. Worth trying at $1.99/bottle, but not something I'd search out intentionally."
"Tastes like it smells, crisp, wonderfully balanced. Big caramel starts things off, moving into a weedier, more zwickel-type middle, ending with light hops. Nice springtime beer, right here."
"Drinkable soft sweet beer."
"Drinkability: Dangerously drinkable, like honey water. Perfect for a hot day."
"Overall - A decent beer that is a must try for any German fan and has a cool bottle too!"
"This is a good beer. It's nothing to write home about and you won't catch me seeking it out. But it's worth a try. It's also something you might use to ween someone off of macro lagers. It has good flavor, but it's not overly flavorful."
"Swing top bottle poured a fairly clear rich amber/light brown color with a puffy off white head. Thick lacing slowly slides down the glass, there is a lazy carbonation. Initial stinging malt scent, comes off sweet and grassy, a bit musty and strong. A little sticky to the palate but medium bodied and pleasant. Bready with a good heaping of sweet malts are the dominant flavors, yeasty with a solid earthiness. Very pleasant and interesting, nothing I'd make a habit out of though."
"3.5/3.5/4/3/4"
"Pours much like their lager. Little head that settles quickly. The color is a very standard amber. There is no yeast cake in the bottle like their wheat beer varieties. Smells malty. The flavor is a tastey sweetness. Good drinkability. Comparing the lager and keller I'm not sure which I like better, as they are very similar in tastes. Good beer, but like all the Moosbacher's they are a bit pricey considering there is nothing too special about them."
"4.0 D: Easy, smooth drink. Would be fine to get drunk off of (if you could find it ultra cheap), but not the type of beer you want to enjoy a homecooked supper."
"Try the beer if you can - its worth a shot at $3 a bottle, but don't expect to be amazed"
"16.9oz flip top bottle. Best before 07/08 notched on the bottle. The aroma is a lot of sweet malt, caramel and toffee. The taste like the aroma leans heavily on the malty side with a mild hop finish. The mouthfeel is a little on the thin size with a low amount of carbonation. Overall, this is a pretty decent Kellerbier that I think would be much much better if it was fresher. Too bad we have such a problem finding fresh beers on the shelves over here from Germany."
"Not bad, but nothing special. It's rather blandish all-around. Wouldn't bother getting it again."
"Drinkability: low alcohol and fairly straightforward flavors make for an easy drinking brew. I will try again, but will seek others out within this style."
"Nice swingtop bottle poured into a pint. It gave off about an inch of off-white head that dropped down fairly quickly to a ring around the edge. The color is a nice, rich, clear, golden brown. The smell was faint at best, but what of it there was was malty sweet. The taste is malty up front, with an earthy flavour that lingered. Very little hop presence in this one, but it does have a slight bitter crispness in the finish. I like it, though I wouldn't say it is anything to actively seek out. However, for the 2 dollars I paid for the bottle, I certainly got more than 2 dollars worth of enjoyment. It is very drinkable."
"Drinkability: A very drinkable beer, could work well as a session beer."
"The beer pours a translucent dark amber color with a thin offwhite head that fades to spotty lacing. The aroma is good. It has a nice malty scent that boasts of pale and crystal malts along with a clean lager yeast aroma. The taste is good. It has a very clean pilsner and light crystal malt flavor that goes down real easy and finishes dry with little hop character. The mouthfeel is good. It is a low/medium bodied beer with adequate carbonation. This is a good drinking beer. I'm lacking knowledge of the style, but from the Bros description this really doesn't fit well. It's not cloudy. The hop bitterness is low. It doesn't appear to be unfiltered. All in all, a pretty good brew."
"I like this a lot. It seems stunningly fresh (and just recently arrived in town), so that's probably the key."
"Strange and wonderful; I'd definitely like to try more examples of the style."
"500 mL swingtop poured into a Kaltenberg gold-rimmed glass. A very clear, reddish-tinged, light amber in the glass with a white head that falls down to barely a covering within a minute. Aroma is of grain husk, and has a very pronounced European malt aroma. Flavors include very slight caramel, pilsner malt, and a bit of toast with some bitterness coming into play midway rather than at the end. Mouthfeel is light-medium with a crisp carbonation. This beer goes down very well. It has a smooth flavor and mouthfeel, and it leans pretty heavy on the malt side. I was surprised that this tasted rather fresh, and I enjoyed this example of this hard to find style."
"D: A good example of the Keller style, although a little darker than I expected. At a moderate alcohol level, this beer is an easy drinker. Paired well with Indian dinner I had, as sweetness of the beer balanced and cut through the spicy food (this may not have been the best match but it seemed to work)."
"Overall a good, thirst-quenching beer."
"Looks nice, smell was amazingly malty sweet. Goes down average, finishes with a really unnatural aftertaste. I couldn't quite put my finger on the aftertaste, but it was almost metallic or medicinal. I suspect it wasn't a bad batch, that it was intended as so, but I could be wrong."
"D - As far as drinkability, it just wasn’t for me. It’s not that it is necessarily a bad beer, just not great, or what I expected. I can easily finish the bottle but would not make an effort to try again. However I always encourage everyone to try a brew regardless of others reviews, as everyone has their own preferences. Who knows YOU might like it."
"yellow, with a moderate quickly dissipitating head. Some spiciness but a bit metallic-macro-like lager. Sweetish finish, Really nothing special. Not very drinkable, maybe as it was not very fresh. Light, a touch of toastiness, all didn't work too well for me."
"Drank very easy, was as good as as any keller I had out of the bottle in Germany"
"Slightly cloudy amber color with an off white head that’s stiff, resembles airy Styrofoam packing, and good retention. Sweet light malt, honey, toffee, and tea in the nose. Soft flavors with lightly roasted malt, honey, and molasses. Slight organic, mossy, tea like notes mixed with floral, mildly bitter hop characters. Light body, a semi-smooth mouthfeel and a enjoyable fizzy carbonation. The finish is dry, bitter, a tad spicy at first but ends with a charred caramel flavor. Good beer, and highly drinkable."
"Drinkability: Okay, paired well with a light grilled fish sandwich."
"The date on the bottle is out of date but i wanted to try it anyway."
"Overall, an interesting style. My first Keller bier and I enjoyed it. I can feel those vitamins working their magic!"
"Moosbacher Alt Kellerbier pours a dark amber color with an off white head that quickly dissipated from a half liter swingtop bottle that opened with a reassuring pop. Sweet malt dominates the aroma. There are more hops in the flavor than I expected given the nose. There is a very pleasant balance between the hops and the caramel malt. Enjoyable."
"D: The lightness of this lager and the interesting grainy malt flavor are enough to keep me sipping at the subtlties, so I'd have to say it's a fairly drinkable brew."
"German flip top. Gorgeous sepia brown with a small head that disappeared quickly, but left a nice foam along the edges of the glass. Lightly roasted malt in the nose with a touch of bitterness perceptible in the scent. Taste is all malt, with a nice fruity bitter hops flavor that balances the lightly carmelized taste of the malt perfectly. A bit on the thin side, but definitely not too thin, with delicate little bubbles. Very drinkable--and with a moderate ABV. Labeled a Kellerbier, but definitely has an Alt taste and color. Like the best of both styles in one. A great find that came in a 4-pack of large bottles."
"Poured this beer from bottle into a tumbler at 48 degrees. The beer had a nice pretty amber color with a fine frothy head. The smell was fruity, bready and yeasty like dough or something being kneeded in front of your nose. The taste was slighly sweet, slighly nutty with a very smooth finish. Very drinkable well balanced beer I thought. I will buy again."
"500 mL swingtop, best before date is notched 08/07. It pours a light copper with very active carbonation and a half-inch tan head that leaves decent lacing. The aroma consists of grains, molasses, and toasted, lightly smoked malts. It has a light flavor, but I can detect caramel, toasted malts, a faint smokiness, some sweetness, and light, spicy hops that contribute a mild bitterness. The body is medium and fairly smooth, drying, with lightly tingly carbonation. Overall an average German lager I'd say, almost reminiscent of a dunkel. Not bad, but not great."
"Overall this is decent but nominally boring. Still, I could see draining a few of these on a hot day in Deutchland."
"Drinkability/notes: Quite pleasant and very drinkable example, though it really does not stand out."
"interesting to try.. not something to go on a 4 day road trip for."
"Overall a very drinkable brew and a nice one to keep on hand. Style wise this brew was very similar to some Marzen that I have enjoyed..."
"0.5l flip top bottle. Use before 10 06 notches on label."
"Drinkability/Notes: This beer is not something you would search high and low to get but if you see it in the store, please try it. A nice alternative to the BMC beers."
"Overall Impression: I don’t want to give the impression this is a bad or watery beer, but the taste was just very neutral. A pleasant little beer, one I could session without complaint, but there just no “wow” about it."
