review_text
"no good no more to say"
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Final Grade: 3.09, a C+. Sleeman Fine Porter isn't bad at all by macro standards - I could see myself potentially having a pint or two of this if it were on-tap at a bar without much in the way of craft options. It's also the best beer in this sampler pack by a considerable margin. That being said, anyone who has tried a quality craft/imported English porter will probably quickly forget about this brew, as it isn't an especially great example of the style. Possibly the best beer carrying the Sleeman name, although I'll need to try the Original Dark to confirm that, I suppose..."
""
""
"Not recommend."
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"O - Pleasantly surprised given Sleeman's usual mass produced brerw, I may be given a sypathy point or two here given the lacklustre nature of their usual lineup, but thi has me optimistic about future offerings in this series if it does continue"
"This isn't a true porter. Nothing like any other porter I've ever had. Too many Sleeman offerings all taste the same. Same profile with subtle differences in all their darker beers. Worth a try, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it. I got a six pack for Christmas and I tried a couple straight out of the bottle and it tastes better that way than in a glass, which isn't saying much."
""
"I haven't had a Sleeman offering in a long while, after my dalliance with them many years ago. Now, their weaknesses are all to obvious - plain, timid, and just lacking the weight of the standard bearers of the style in question - talk to the boyz in the Winnipeg hood for tips, Johnny-boy..."
"O - A tasty porter and a surprisingly tasty offering from the Sleeman line-up. Probably the most flavourful I've had from the company to date and certainly worth a try."
"Likening this to any halfway-decent porter is like considering Steven Segal's movies to be thought provoking and emotionally stimulating. You'd have to be stupid to believe this is a real porter. I'm all for Sleeman drinkers expanding their horizons and trying different, less pedestrian styles but it's obviously a bad idea for the brewery itself to try to do the same."
"Not goo get Fullers London Porter for sure"
"The trite roasty temperament just does not hack it--far too many other craft-brewed Porters on the market today are in a totally different league. There's nothing specifically bad about this beer, but the flavors just don't mesh, and it leaves the beer like a jigsaw puzzle that's missing a few pieces."
"I must congratulate Sleeman on this one. Definitely a step in the right direction."
"Dark brown with an almost purple tone to the color when held up to the light. Light head of wispy foam. The nose has a gently sweet malt presentation about it. The attack is very mild and the flavors are gently malty with hints of coffee and smoke. As it approaches the finish the smoke flavor really takes over and dominates the aftertaste while it manages to leave the finish pretty clean. The sweetness of the malt is set off nicely by the smoke and coffee flavors. This is hands down my favorite offering from Sleeman, but I also have an affinity for porters. Come to think of it, I might have patrol the Sleeman section again and see if there are any new offerings."
"Poured with a GINORMOUS tan,foamy, frothy head and a slathering of lace. Color's a dark, clear brown. Aroma is quite mild, chocolatey, and malty. Flavor's a little more complex with the above characteristics, but also a bit of fruit, a bit of bitterness, a bit of hop, and a hint sour. On the thin side. Not too bad, but it seems they're a bit over frugal with the malt bill here. Finish is - eh..."
"(rated Aug 2, 2007)"
"Porter? no way not with this one. Pours a transparent dark amber with thin head and a decent amount of lacing. Looks more like a dunkel or amber ale. Aroma is faint and sweet, trying to locate some hops or malts and keep coming up short. Mouthfeel is too thin and watery for a porter, but it is clean and slightly smooth. Flavor is decent, a bit too sweet for my liking. Again the taste doesn't resemble a porter, but it is enjoyable in small doses. Not a big fan of this offering from an otherwise solid brewer."
"mid to full body. good carbonation. i like this style a lot. pretty good example. would drink again."
"drinkability is good. this brew is light in body and clean finishing for a porter, which gives it a unique character, while remaining decently rich and creamy. a mid-line porter, worth a try."
"Really a very good beer. Much more than I expected."
"Overall, not what I would call a good representation of the style."
"D - I've recently become a dark beer connoisseur, and this was one beer that I had to try just to add it to my list of beers that I've tasted before. Unfortunately, it will probably remain there - on the list of beers that I have 'once' tried, for I don't think that I will be voluntarily choosing, or even recommending, this beer, as I was very displeased with its overall rating. I think I need to go pick me up a case of Sam Adams Cream Stout to refresh my taste buds."
"As far as porter goes, this is ordinary. OK in a pinch, but not one I'll buy again."
"This beer pours a light brown color. The head is two inches in height, and recedes slowly into nice lacing. The aroma is of cream with a hint of roasted malt. The taste has more of a roasted character than the aroma. The mouthfeel is medium bodied with nice carbonation, and a velvety texture. Overall, this beer is more like a Dark Mild than a porter. I could drink this again when in the mood for a milder dark beer."
"Not very good. I've had bad porters and this one is right on par."
"This porter poured out a deep dark transparent brown,with a moderate amount of tan head that leaves behind a good amount of stickyness as it slowly dissapates.The aromas are sweet,and smokey with hints of nuttyness.I found the taste pretty average for a porter,deep dark malts,slight dark chocholate bitterness,with a burnt coffee finish.It has a good solid body,not to heavy and definently not to light,the carbonation is soft and not overwhelming,good balance.Pretty drinkable as far as porters go,but for me I would have to switch to somthing a bit lighter after a couple,this is not one to seek out,but at the same time,not a bad beer to enjoy on a lazy Sunday afternoon."
"Extremely watery for a porter. Downright unpleasant. Avoid at all costs."
"It's sort of dry, a bit bitter and you can slightly feel the hoppiness. A very good porter out there that you could easily drink several of on a cold night."
"Purchased from beergeek.biz"
"Sleeman Porter 68* pours a dark chocolate brown color with an off white head from a brown 11.5 ounce bottle. There is only the slightest tinge of roasted malt in the aroma, I think I can smell some hops too, just barely. I can't help but think that I would like a thicker mouthfeel, but this one is at least marginally adequate. There is a slight roasted malt taste, mostly in the aftertaste, and a bit of hops in the middle, but really just a little bit. Caramel flavor becomes more apparent as the beer warms. My biggest complaint about this beer is that it just doesn't have enough flavor. What little there flavor there is, it's gone in a moment. Disappointing, but not awful."
"It's ok. It's drinkable. It's actually pretty boring. I think my time might be better spent elsewhere."
"Quite a good beer,worth trying and probably the best of all the Sleeman's variety."
"D - A decent porter that is somewhat forgettable, but nice. I can't say anything bad about this brew, but there is something about that tobacco-laden taste that is a bit too much. That said, I could drink a few of these."
"Pours a dark brown with a thin tan head. Not much retention, but a decent lacing. Aroma is of roasted malts. Nice,but weak. Body is on the light side with some carbionation. Taste is of coffee,and dark chocolate.Roasted,but not overly so. This is a good light porter."
"Drinkability: Above average from the porters I've tried. Not one I will actively seek out.... but not bad at all...I prefer a more robust, creamy porter."
"The feel is bitter on the tongue. Not real thick but creamy enough. It's actually relatively smooth for a porter; doesn't have the usual sandpaper viscosity. Pleasant, not thick or dry. The drink overall is thin but pleasant. It's bitter first, sweet second. Really easy to drink."
"D: Yeah. Nothing unpleasant here."
"overall this is one of the worst porters ive had, there is supposed to a dark dark color, not an amber color, there are a lot of hops for its style"
"Looks good in the glass - very dark brown - just like a porter should. The off-white head was also appealing. After all that, the taste was a bit disappointing though. I love porters and this didn’t quite live up to my expectations. I liked it well enough to finish the six-pack I received through my beer club but I don’t believe I’d purchase it on my own."
"D: I could drink these all night. Again one of the best!"
"Part 3 of my personal average porter tasting aka ""cleaning out the fridge""."
"D - Not a bad porter. It just didn't grab me in terms of flavors. It wasn't as complex as it should be."
"Mouthfeel and Drinkability: Where to start, there a just so many flaws with this beer. I brewed a kit porter from Brewer's Best-I think it was my first homebrew-and it was better than this. The feel of Sleeman's ' 68 Porter is mostly like that of tonic water. Real thin body, much thinner than one would expect for a porter. In my opinion the carbonation levels are too high as well for the porter style, however since the body of this beer is so-damnably light higher carbonation actually does it justice. However, since porters are supposed to be lighter in carbonation and heavier of body this is off. This is a beer I'll not be buying again, ever. It completely sucks."
"Pours a very dark amber, that is clear. Not much carbonation. Head is rocky, but thick, and light tan. Nice aroma of cocoa, and fruit (apple?) Tastes of light chocolate, with a sweet hint of malt. However, it quickly finishes to a chalky, burnt grain taste. Hard to distinguish any hops whatsoever. Halfway through the session, there was a real alchohol bite to it. Fairly difficult to finish the bottle, I lost interest with its lack of overall flavor."
"Clear/brilliant cola brown in color, with a pale tan head and minimal lacing. Nose is fruity, with up-front plums and prunes. Nose is also slightly metallic, but with no overt hop aroma to speak of . . . Tangy and bittersweet, with roasted and dark malts. Bitter! Wow, there's more hop bitterness in this than I am accustomed to as per the style, sharp, and some might find it a bit harsh. Finish is dry, with some biscuity malt lingering and more of that insistant hop. Carbonation is moderate and body is on the thin side. With the bitterness as prominent as it is it lacks a bit in sessionability, but I can see knocking two of these back with no problem. Not bad overall, although the bitterness is a little bit overbalanced and overshadows the rather pleasant malt qualities. Still, it's from an older recipe and an older era, and I give Sleeman credit for this brave rendition - hope they maintain these recipes!"
"Pours a three finger, light tan head that fades to a shallow layer leaving a good lace. Deep amber color. Medium carbonation and heavy bodied. Roasted chocolate nose. Starts with a roasted/burnt coffee flavor, finish is burnt coffee. $1.29 for a 330ml bottle from John's Grocery Iowa City, IA."
"Decided to pick this one up at the store after passing on it a few times, the lack of a label on the front really discouraged me. As I poured it I couldnt help but think it looks a bit thin for a porter, nice 2 inch beige head on it though, kinda a deep brown on the beer itself, personally i prefer porters darker. Smell is a bit better, hints of vanilla and roast malts. Taste is like watered down porter, really thin, hints of chocolate and roast malts in the taste, but nothing too strong. Mouthfeel is mediocre, its like water basically, nothing special about it, just thin. Drinkability is ok I guess, 5.5% abv and goes down easy, but a serious lack of flavor like other more easily obtainable porters for me."
"Overall: A very moderate porter that might be useful to get new beer fans into the style, but otherwise should probably be passed up for the many superior offerings available."
"Pours a nice dark ruby with a mocha/tan head, that settles into lacing. The smell was of alcohol and lightly buttered grains. Alcohol ruled the scent. The taste is of dark roasted malts, hints of toast. The alcohol is strong and overtakes all other flavors. This one just didn't blend well, the alcohol was too noticeable, while it is called a porter, it looks like a porter, but it just doesn't quite have that porter taste that I have come to love."
"There's enough in there to be called a porter, but not enough to be called a good porter. The chocolate, coffee, and caramel flaovrs are present, but do little to improve the character of the malt. There are low level bittering that really don't balance the medium malt base. The flavors are quite separate and don't meld well. The caramel flavor seems a bit artificial. The body is what I'd expect from an amber ale (Amber Bock-ish), and never shows creaminess or smoothness. It's a beer that's has 'value engineered' the quality out. I don't think it was intended to be a good beer."
"This beer is a deep rust brown color with an attractive and rocky light-tan head. The aroma is of roasted malt and grain. There’s a little huskiness that seems a little off-center. Also, some chocolate and caramel aromas. Rustic and a little dry in front. The brew has a decent bitterness, and a nice hop presence that comes forth in the mid-taste. Nice use of bittering hops. Somewhat astringent in the finish (maybe from that husk-like quality in the nose?). Medium to the lighter side of body. Very easy to drink. Better than I expected, to be honest."
"The beer pours a dark brown color with a thick frothy offwhite head that slowly fades to lacing. The aroma is good. It has a nice roasted scent that boasts of black and chocolate malts. It's dry and earthy with a slightly sweet edge. The taste is decent. It has a smooth, yet earthy flavor that goes down easy and finishes a bit sweet and toastey. The mouthfeel is decent. It is a medium/full bodied beer with adequate carbonation. This is an easy drinking porter. It's quite earthy with nice sweet maltiness."
"Mouthfeel- A little tart but some nice creamy notes are noticed in the middle of the palate. Pretty easy going down and very easy to drink."
" Taste starts well but has something artificial in the aftertaste. Texture is far too thin and watery. If it could back up the half decent taste this beer might be something. Instead, it's just another macro porter wannabe."
"Not bad, but possibly one of the most boring porters I've had. Poured dark brown, but a bit lighter than average. General roasted malt aroma and similary nondescript roasted malt flavor. Doesn't really go anywhere, just bland - like a bit darker version of the equally unimpressive dark ale."
"This is vaguely drinkable in comparison with some of the worst macro swill imaginable, but it really doesn't shine when compared to anything else. This porter richly deserves the rating it's come to have on this site. I shan't be buying any of these again."
"After tasting Sleeman's abysmal Honey Brown Lager, I had no illusions that Porter 68 would be great beer. The 68 is supposedly a reference to this beer's page number in an old beer recipe book found in a family member's attic. Anyway, I can't bring myself to recommend it for any purpose (cooking maybe?), even though it isn't horrible and gained some measure of my respect by the final ounce."
"I will not have this brew again. I am surprised that this brew is so poorly crafted."
"Overall not the most drinkable beer, I will be avoiding this in future."
"Drinkability – This was a very different AP but well worth a look. I don’t remember who sent this to me as it has been in my fridge for a while, but I owe someone a big thanks."
"This poured a near black with some ruby highlights, chunky head but receded quickly leaving crusty lacing. Nose is of indistinqushable burnt malt, perhaps some bitter chocolate scent if I really think about it being there. Taste is awkward and pretty vile, again very mild flavorwise with typical roasted bitterness. Mouthfeel is completely off, very light and watery..doesn't match the taste at all. Overall not a good porter, no redeeming qualities with so many better examples available."
"September 2003 batch. A bit of aging may have helped it. Still strong carbonation. Lagerish body with porter flavour, welcome but of bitterness. Not thin but on weak flavour for style. Quaffable. Blackish with some head, mollasses aroma. Not a bad one."
"Big brown bottle, no label on body, only neck tag and ... ah, 'engrained' lettering on the body. Good look. Pours a dark black brown color, copper brown around the edges, with fluffy head lasting about 2 minutes shrinking to a thin film, and tons of lacing all down the glass, almost too much. Faint malty aroma with a queer burnt something in the background, couldn't quite pick it out. I found the body too thin, and the taste followed along those lines... roasted malts, some chocolate, and some smoke that I didn't particularly. Hop presense is minimal, as is carbonation. Mildly drinkable beer, I'd have it but probably wouldn't pay for it again."
"11.5 oz thick brown bottle pours a clear dark brown color with a small head of large bubbles that leaves some lacing in my glass. Chocolate aromas, caramel, chocolate and smoke flavors, light to medium bodied with a watery and thin mouthfeel, not much going on with this porter."
"This is not the best of porters."
"Thin pour, but dark in color, lets brown highlights shine through. Head rises fairly high, almost an inch, is tan, and laces pretty well. Aroma is mildly malty, but with some stale tones and almost a rancid popcorn back half of the nose. Light body, lower carbonation. The taste is not too bad, aspects of cocoa with a bit of roasty tang that's pretty striaghtforward. Minimal hop expression. Mouthfeel and solidity of flavors are just too fleeting, the close is pretty watery with some tobacco residue in the finishing qualities."
"Not much to say, a watered-down interpretation of the style."
"A fine beer indeed."
"Tastes of chocolate, roasted malt, a bit of blackstrap molasses, with an understated bitter finish. I also find that a hidden nuttiness emerges as it warms. Definitely more nuanced than Sleeman usually is, but I still find it too watery and sweet. However, as it comes from Sleeman, I was impressed. This is not their average brew. It's much better."
"In the bottle this beer appeared more of a nut brown in color than a dark porter brown, but once in the glass the beer seemed darker with a whitish head. The aroma was nice, chocolate and toasted malt initially and woody and nutty as it warmed. The flavor was malty and tosted without any bitter or astringency. A nice mouthfeel but slightly on the thin side. This beer impressed me with its balance and quality I would order this again."
"a very good beer, but it was average, i like something a bit more robust. this beer if it was pale would do well on the american market. but i think beer geeks and snobs will be turned off by the lack of flavor and mouthfeel. i usually compaire most porter to fullers london pride, and this is adverage to that beer."
"Pours a dark, almost opaque brown, with a tan head and deep ruby highlights. Aroma of roasted malts, coffee/chocolate, some toffee flavour, not bad. Taste was decent. This isn't bad for a Sleeman product. It's a beer that has exceeded my rather low expectations, but overall, it's pretty drinkable. Although way too sweet, it does have characteristics of a decent porter. Roasted flavours, chewy malt, slight bitterness to balance. Mouthfeel a bit thin, but drinkability is good."
"I'm reviewing this beer cold. I mean cold as a Bud served at a biker bar cold. As this beer warms, it gets worse. This porter pours a muddy black colour, with a bit of coffee coloured foam that quickly disipates. Their is one ring of lace at the top of the glass, where the top of the foam reached its peak. That is all. First smell is skunk. Not surprised. The glass is clear, and this bottle came from Canada to Africa. But I had the rest, and they were all the same. And, considering some of the disappointments I've had with Sleeman before, I'm considering it safe to assume that this would smell and taste the same if I bought it at the LCBO and drank it straight away. After awhile, I smell a bit of caramel barley and chocolate. Taste is skunky. But, it also has a caramel and chocolate flavour that reminds me a bit of a chocolate bar. Too sweet, but the skunkiness balances it out. Surprising, eh? Skunk actually balancing something. Mouthfeel is a bit thin, and almost oily like a fish. It's pretty undrinkable, I find. Something I won't partake of again."
"Dark opaque brown poured from the traditional clear Sleeman's bottle. Full head, some tiny bubbles from continued carbonation, left a hint of lace. Dark, roasted malt aroma, plus smell of brown sugar and some nuttiness. Taste is of dark roasted malt, some coffee and cocoa, and slight hop finish. Medium bodied, yet thin and almost watery, but still a nice effort from Sleeman's. Good flavors and very drinkable. Not sure how it would stack up against other brews in this style."
"Special thanks to my folks for bringing this one from back home."
"Sort of a porter-lite, easy to drink a good session beer. Too bad that this is limited availability."
"Pours out fairly thin in body, but has an pleasant mahogany appearance with amber highlights. A small tan head on the pour, settles quickly to a wafer-thin cap, scant traces of lacing. The aroma is a winner for a Sleeman product, a fair amount of character. Toasted and chocolate malts, some toffee, with notes of licorice and roasted coffee. Although the flavour contains similar elements, there is no real backbone to it until the finish and the lingering aftertaste. Starts out weak and watery, picking up momentum for an aftertaste of chewy roasted malt, hints of espresso and chocolate. Curious that it tastes better after it's already been swallowed, no real action in the mouth. Aside from being fairly light and watery, even this porter suffers from the classic Sleeman carbonation issue, a little caustic on the palate. By far the best thing I've tasted from Sleeman to date, they are heading in a decent direction here, but still have a ways to go to put together a well-rounded offering."
"A classy-looking 6-pack box, with the John Sleeman signature, date, alcohol content, ingredients and even tasting notes printed on a label which covers the opening of the box. Twist-off red cap with ""2004 limited edition"" on it. Clear bottle, keeping with Sleeman tradition. It poured decently enough, with a very large-bubble head, but one which formed a solid creamy covering over the beer. Deep rich rosewood and amber hues. Very nice looking beer. The lacing is cream coloured and could use some viscosity--this beer does not seem to leave much lace. The aroma is sweet, lactosed malt, with some definite spiciness and black licorice. Green, young grains, well-roasted coffee, bitter chocolate, cinnamon, and some raisins or plums. I was not expecting such a good aroma. The taste delivers on the aroma. Full up chocolate raisins at the front, dark coffee grains on the middle, and strong toasted flavours lingering in the finish. Extremely sedimentary aftertaste: you can feel the grains in this one, like barely-filtered coffee. Some cream, definite coffee, mollasses, some alcohol, and just enough hop balance. Strong bread notes in the long-finish. Porter being the mark, this is hitting it. Carbonation is decent, but a little more bite would be even better. This is a very consumeable porter, delivering on all the flavours I expected. I must admit, in a Sleeman desert, this is an oasis of the brewery. The first Sleeman beer I have bought in probably three years or more, but this is one I could enjoy quite regularly."
"Easily my favourite product by Sleeman. Nicely drinkable, and interesting to savour while being very accessible to the uninitiated."
"I like the classy packaging and the fact this is a limited release. This is nowhere as good as Tree's Spy Porter but I consider this to be the best beer from Sleeman and a good pint. Pours Opaque black with an okay head. The nose is average but the taste is quite nice. Burnt malts and a sweetish finish make this very drinkable. Not a sipper but rather a session porter, this is a step in the right direction for these guys."
"By far Sleeman's best brew."
"Overall a flavorful mild porter with a couple of sharp edges. A good attempt at a mega porter, a sure step up for Sleeman. I'm impressed...I'll buy some more...I want to see what some age will do for the few sharp edges and the under lying charred grain tastes in the new brew. These are all that keep this from being a smooth mild tasty porter. Maybe that signature Sleeman dextrin taste will disappear as well."
"341 mL clear bottle."
