review_text
""
""
""
""
"unbelievably tasty. i highly recommend this."
"It's like a good saison, oud bruin, hop American tasting blast all in one brew.  Real excellent experience."
"Old and oxidized. Had this fresher a few years ago and it was much better."
"Going, going, gone - might have been nice once?"
"Unfortunately it was too far gone. Oxidized."
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Overall: This beer rocks. I think it is in a category of it's own. Solid stuff and will have to find more bottles of this collaboration beer."
""
""
""
""
"O: Don't judge a book by its cover. I was wondering where the overall BA score came from when I first poured/smelled this... one taste and it makes sense. Well made & a very pleasant beer to drink"
""
"750 ml bottle into tulip glass, bottled on 4/13/2010. No pop of the cork upon opening. Pours very hazy red-orange color with a small fairly dense cream colored head with good retention, that reduces to a thin lace that lingers. Light spotty soapy lacing clings down the glass. Aromas of pear, apple, grape, peach, orange, floral, caramel, honey, bread, light pepper, clove, and yeast earthiness. Very nice aromas with good balance and complexity of fruity brett notes with balanced hop and malt notes. Taste of pear, apple, grape, peach, orange, pineapple, floral, caramel, honey, bread, toffee, light pepper, clove, and yeast earthiness. Very slight fruity tartness on the finish; with lingering notes of light fruits, floral, caramel, honey, bread, toffee, clove, light pepper, and yeast earthiness on the finish for a while. Very nice balance and complexity of fruity hop/yeast notes with well balance malt sweetness; with no cloying flavors present after the finish. Light carbonation and medium-full bodied; with a creamy, slick, and lightly syrupy mouthfeel that is actually quite good. Alcohol is very well hidden with only a small warming noticed after the finish. Overall this is a damn nice Belgian strong pale ale, despite lack of carbonation. Very nice complexity and balance of fruity and malty flavors; and quite smooth to sip on. A very enjoyable offering."
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"a beer i thought i had had before... or at least remember it having a distinctly different more spicy qualities when fresh. an older bottle the yeast really take on an effect. pour is nice and lacy orange cloudiness. nose of orange blossom hopping, breadiness and yeastiness... camembert notes. plate is floral and orange sweet. clove hints and mineral dry. noble bittering. wonderful beer with a dynamic spicy, yeast and hop combination. one of a kind."
"O: Very malty for this style of beer but this is a very good and interesting beer to try... Very much a sipping beer."
"O: This beer is a lot maltier compared to other beers but this makes it very flavorful."
""
"Some challenges, definitely a lot of recognizable qualities that ground it while pulling it a little in the direction of more experimental beers. Reminds me of a slightly mutated Unibroue Raftman, which I love."
""
""
""
""
"If I had to take a blind guess at the style I would have guessed a citrusy wit rather than a Brett infused Belgian pale."
""
""
""
""
""
"In the taste, unripe apple, apricot, yeasty funk, mild wild, light citrus hops. Fairly sweet and shows some alcohol strength. Moderate earthy bitterness, and finishes bitter sweet. Medium body with a drying finish. Overall, a well made beer not lacking in character. I would consider this a Belgian Imperial IPA."
"O: I wasn't expecting this to be as good as it was. Definitely more American than Belgian, but since I live in (and work for) the US of A, I can't complain..."
"Look awesome. Nice thick and dense head. Clear amber body. Head laces the glass. Aesthetically pleasing beer.Has a barnyard darker musky funk. Really unique but kind of strange. The taste I find to be much more approachable than the aroma. Solid maltiness, w/ what I believe is a tart wild yeast finish. Smooth , especially considering ABV. Bitterness is suiting. Body isn't bone dry as expected, still a touch of body left. I'm always down for some real sour; so I find this to be a bit mild. Highly drinkable beer. Quality, unique, and enjoyable."
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"O: Enjoyed the brew, would happily drink again if someone offered me a glass."
"Overall: This is a decent Belgium style ale. The american hop side of the beer doesn't really compliment it well though in my opinion."
"Worth my cellaring efforts, it seems to have gently magnified the tart/wild ale aspects of this brew which were originally only of garnishment strength into minor sub-category strength. If I were to do it again I would aim for about 2-2.5 years of time rather than 3."
"This was a good experience to be a part of. Thank you."
"O- Being a huge fan of the style, this was good to experience, it wasnt my favorite, but i was happy to try it nonetheless."
"Pours a dirty medium brown orange tint with a merengue like head leaving thick sticky lacing. The nose has bright citrus, sour berry, slight earthy funk, sour cherry and almost a champagne like minerality. The taste brings bready malts, light belgian spices (clove, white pepper), lemon zest, and raspberry tart. The beer has nice acidity along with a nice carbonated zip. Well done and interesting for the style."
"-Cheers"
"D - I suspect this was more interesting when it was hoppy and fresh, as it's now it's overly sweet with only light funk and sourness. I wish there were actual bottle dates rather than batch codes, but this is nearly three years old as far as I can tell. That being said the beer matches the description on the bottle pretty closely - I guess I just don't dig this combination of flavors. I labored through about 375ml before using the rest for cooking."
"Overall: This beer was the surprise of the night. The others were expected to be good, but no one knew anything about this beer. We were all pleasantly surprised and I would buy it again if I could find it."
"Quite good. This is one I've seen around but just passed up. It was well worth the try, but it doesn't have me eager to buy any of the others."
"Overall - Not something I'd look for again (although I actually picked this up because I remember liking it a couple years ago). So much of the bottle is yeasty sediment that I couldn't drink the last third of it. Quite a shame."
"D: a unique beer, fun to try, but I feel no desire to ever revisit. 1.5"
"Orval on steroids, and has me feeling its charms."
"Notes: With the fresh hops this must have been a different delight altogether. In this incarnation it offers a rich funk, with a nice fruity sense. It is aging well."
"Decently drinkable. I dunno not really blown away by this. It doesn't taste bad but it doesn't taste great. I wouldn't buy this again."
"Pours a very murky golden color that looks like unfiltered apple juice with a medium white head that diminishes quickly. Scent is very apple-forward, but not the usual green apples. This smells like a big basket of fresh red apples. Very unique smell. A bit of spice and funk as well in the nose. Taste is very red apple forward as well. A lot of delicious hoppiness as well with a fair amount of booziness. Definitely some tasty Belgian yeast flavors with some great spiciness. Very sweet grape flavors as well. The label says this beer has subtle tartness, but I pick up zero tartness. None whatsoever, which I believe would have made this beer OUTSTANDING! With the great flavors I'm getting, some sourness would have been the perfect addition. Mouthfeel is full bodied and thick. Nice carbonation. Drinkability is fair."
"D: for it's strength, extremely drinkable. Enjoyed it!"
"Pours a hazy, dark maize color. There is also suspended sediment present. 1/4 inch head of a white color. Decent retention and slight lacing. Smells of sweet malt, hops, hint of tart malt, hint of honey, hint of wheat, slight citrus, and slight alcohol. Fits the style of a Belgian Strong Pale Ale. Mouth feel is smooth and crisp, with an average carbonation level. Tastes of sweet malt, slight citrus, hops, hint of roasted malt, hint of honey, and hint of sweet malt. Overall, good aroma and body, but lacking in appearance and mouth feel."
"This beer has a leathery aftertaste that makes it hard to stopping licking my chops. If I see it again I will grab it."
"Well I can say I've tried it and didn't care for it. This beer seems hit and miss with folks and it missed with me"
"D: I was excited to try this one, but I can't say it was worth the $18 I forked out. If you are big into bitter hops, you may appreciate this more than I did. Drinkability only ok. Can't say I'd recommend it nor will I spring for another. Doesn't drink like most belgian strong pale ales."
"Poured into a tulip glass. The pour brings a light caramel-colored body with a short (for the style) white head that doesn't have the best lacing. The nose is pretty plain, with some very mild esters and a bit of malt sweetness. The taste is a bit of a mess with too much malty sweetness and not enough yeast. In reality, not much of anything other than some sweetness. This carries over into the feel, which is almost cloying and isn't dry like I'd expect. Drinkability is decent enough, but I expected a lot more out of this."
"D - Very high because of nice clean flavors with some higher ABV but not too crazy."
"drinks ok. alcohol can be detected, but only slightly. lots of flavors are packed into this beer. some are good, some detract, but it makes this beer one to sit back and contemplate which kind of hurts its enjoyability."
"A worthy effort from Tomme and De Proef, but not amazing."
"Drinkability is plenty fine. The second pour finds darker fruit & sugar notes more manifest; possibly I should have gone the snifter route on this one to get the dregs mixed in earlier. In any case, this was pretty enjoyable."
"Cheers!"
"This beer appears a very hazy, light brown hue with a minimal head and just a touch of lacing. Aromas consist of Belgian yeast with perhaps a hint of citrus and hay. This collaboration tastes decent, but not great. For the price and availability, I would never choose this over Duvel or Delirium Tremens. However, I am always elated to taste a new beer, especially from two highly respectable breweries."
"Nice collaboration here."
"Malts are robust, toasty and decently sweet. Kind of medicinal with a bit of band-aid...homebrewy even. Brettomyces is barely discernable and that is a big bummer. Despite the malts, it is a bit flat and thin on the palate. Hop bitterness is still kickin' pretty good, lasting into the finish. Malts taste a bit oxidized and this beer is obviously past it's prime. Really not very good, and a HUGE dissappointment considering the $18 price tag and the fact it is a DeProef and T.Arthur collab. I can barely finish my half of the 750. I won't touch this one again with a ten foot pole."
"Beer is super thin and has a bite to it in the front. Finishes too dry and overall is light on flavor. Beer has an off putting aftertaste that is almost smokey. I am very annoyed at this point. This was a huge disappointment I would never drink it again."
"Poured with a decent cream colored foamy frothy fluffy head and good lace. Color is a slightly hazy medium amber. Aroma is spicey yeast malt a bit of fruit. Flavor is like aroma but bitterness dominates the sweet. Good body and carbonation. Finish is like flavor with alcohol warming at the end of medium length. Decent beer, but nothing too remarkable."
"Poured a hazy pumpkin colored orange with a rocky and huge head that died alright but left lace patches down the tulip glass. A very potent aroma of honey, corriander, peppery spices, sugar, tart fruits like berries, some breadiness and yeastiness are in there as well. A fluffy medium body that is slightly chewey from breadi- and yeastiness and also a bit prickly thanks to some sour fruit/tart fruits that cut and sour citric hops as well as some carbonation. An excellent balance thanks to spice and honey/caramel/sweet malt that is clearly evident for a mix of sour and sweetness and perfectly finished with a slightly tart/dry backbite that grabs the tongue. ABV well-hidden and a tad bit like a juicy white wine; this is a great one-off."
"Pretty easy to knock this back a little too quickly. The hoppines and undetectable alcohol make this one a sneaky beverage."
"Thanks to Blake for sharing this outstanding beer. Delightful is a description I don't often find myself applying to a beer, but in this case it is fitting. Light-bodied with lively carbonation and a tight merangue head. Peppery and pleasantly sharp on the tongue. Orchard fruit flavors flare in the middle along with a clean malt. Some white wine notes finish. ETOH is well integrated in the flavor profile."
" The body is nice and full, with a nice amount of carbonation holding through to the last sip. A great cross-continental collaboration beer; I look forward to trying the fruits of more efforts like this one."
"Beer poured a golden orange with a nice long lasting white head. Nose is quite nice including floral hops, banana, and sour apples. Taste is an interesting combination of sour apples, melon, with a light resin hop finish. Mouthfeel is light to medium bodied with a nice smooth finish. Drinkability is good. A lot going on and it meshes together very well. This is one of the funner beers I have tried this year- funk meets hops - a good experiment!"
"The beer pours a light hazy brown color. The aroma is light funk with some yeast and caramel malt. The flavor is more of the same with funk, apples, other fruits and a light alcohol presence. The mouthfeel is medium, as is the carbonation level."
"D - Would not seek out again."
"Very well hidden abv, along with the great flavors and smooth body make this an easy drinker. The bold rich flavor of it will keep you from downing one every day."
"D – De Proef is sometimes a bit sheisty, in my experience; I have had a number of underwhelming and/or half-assed offerings from this Brouwerij. This is an underachieving brew as well. The beer is pretty good, but it is certainly not what I would expect from a unison of two of the foremost brewers in the game."
"Careful pour leaves sediment in the bottom of the bottle and the beer is a translucent, yet clear honey amber color with a persistent slightly off white head and layers of sticky lacing. Aroma is deep and complex and as it warms up reveals different notes. Initially ripe fruit and sweetness, predominantly apple and tangy citrus. Some light spice, but the finish is more earthy and musky, strong yeast and brett funk. Body is medium-thick, with fine carbonation. The taste begins with apple and honey sweetness, and Belgian yeast. In the finish a fairly strong hop presence takes over and the brett asserts itself as the sweet is balanced by an earthier dry flavors. Very nicely balanced and rich blend of complex flavors, this is a very enjoyable beer but is a little boozy in the finish. Not sure I'll buy more at this price, but definitely worth the try."
"Interesting beer, very drinkable and interesting. Glad to have had it."
"Looked through the cellar and decided to open this one up for new years. Light amber color with a small off white head. No lace to speak of. Smell of yeast and some spiceyness and some of the bret musty funk showing through. Spiceyness is more pronounced in the taste. Some hoppyness sparks up after the spice and the finish is surprisingly clean. Overall an OK brew but maybe not quite as kick ass as i was hoping for new years. Oh well, back to the cellar."
"Poured into a chalice a very nice cloudy golden amber/orange color, nice carbonation, nice little fizzy/foamy off-white head, with some sticky lacing and a nice big island in the center of the glass. The nose is malty, yeast, some citrus, nice spice note. The taste is sweet, malty, yeasty, nice little citrus note, and some spices. Medium body, this one is not hot as other BSPA I've had before, very nice. Very Drinkable, a tasty brew, glad to have had a chance to try it."
"750 ml bottle: Poured into my Allagash flute: This one pours a very dark golden color, with an orange hue. There was a bit of an off-white head o nit, but it didn't linger long, and left a minimal amount of lacing. The first this that hits the nose is some spiciness: I get a whiff of cinnamon. There is also some breadiness and yeastiness, as well as some citrus and apple in there. An interesting flavor profile. It has some up-front bitterness. Spicy with citrus notes. Medium bodied, but lacks the normal Belgian sweetness. Very interesting and very good!"
"This is a subtle but complex Belgian pale with a good hop profile considering the age and very drinkable overall."
"Pours an amber reddish colour with a mild white head that quickly diminishes. Aroma is juniper, citrus, wild berry, and molasses. Taste is the same, but with a stronger citrus taste - espescially in terms of the begiining. Overall, an excellent beer."
"This is a very satisfying rich brew. A very approachable belgian beer. I'm looking forward to trying more beers from De Proef and Tomme. Rock on!"
"Personally, I think Tomme Arthur's responsible for a lot of great beer. I had high expectations for this collaboration with De Proefbrouwerij. Honestly, it's exceeded the high expectations I had. Its uniqueness makes it special. I don't believe I've encountered a BSPA with such a citrusy, hoppy presence. I bet this stuff was flat out incredible fresh out of the gate. I also like the somewhat mild effect of Brett here. It works extremely well with its other elements. All in all, this Signature release is fantastic. I would've preferred a bit more body, but that's about all I can criticize. Find a bottle or two if you can. Highly recommended."
"Mouthfeel was rich and drinkability was a little better than average. I wouldn't go looking for this one again but overall a fairly solid beer."
"D; Overall a good beer that does not have to many bells and whistles. Really feels more like two different beers battling for supremecy."
"M/D - Medium to full bodied and very lively on the tongue. Excellent carbonation. Very easy drinking."
"Taste: The potency continues in the flavor. In your face sourness with a mild tang. Balanced by initial thick, tacky sweetness that gives way to a back of the palate hoppiness"
"Mild haze to this copper, honey gold hued beer. Not a great head, and no foam or lacing after a minute or two. Not much bubbling at all. The aroma has biscuits and crackers with some grassy and lemony hops. Sweet and biiter, inviting aroma. The taste starts with crackers and brett yeast infusion. The middle gets somewhat fruity with the malt and yeast combo. But the hops give a bitter apple skin note starting in the middle through to the finish. Pretty complex flavor profile. And pretty bright palate. Bitter in a flash, but sugary sweet in just as much time. Brett yeast and bitter American hops mixed in a Belgian ale style of beer."
"Drinkability: I was surprised to read of the Brett in this beer as it didn't have the expected tart/sour character; just goes to show the complexity that a little bit can bring to a range of other flavors that are present in this beer"
"D - Surprisingly drinkable. The fairly mild funk blends well with the fruity/pine hop flavor and the two become more than the sum of their parts. There is a lot of complexity in the finish and this beer has the rare virtue of becoming sour without throwing away the complexity of malt and hops in the process. Certainly one of the best non-traditional sours I have come across."
"Pours with a huge head that sticks to the side of the glass like glue. The smell is like a spice rack. Mostly coriander I think but there sure is a lot of it. The taste is fantastic. Some hops and aa little funky taste that is very pleasant. This is the first beer I've had from either brewery...fantastic."
"what a nice production"
"It's a murky copper with a thin layer of lace that lingers on top of the beer. It has a nice funky smell to it, but a lot of caramel notes are present as well. It is sweet upfront and finishes dry and tart. A very nice balance between sweet and sour. I was very pleased with the amount of body in this beer as it was not as acidic as other brett beers. Also there is a bit of heat still on this beer. Very nice to drink and share with others."
"i like a beer with brett that isn't dominated by bret.poured into a chalice with a massive billowy head that left some nice lacing.hazy amber, brett floral hops in the nose,taste is bready belgian malt with firm hop bitterness and spiciness from the yeast.nice brett flavor in the finish.this is how a beer with brett should be done."
"I'm not the biggest fan of DeProef Beers, but this one was quite good."
"I've seen this one around on the shelves for sometime. Finally glad I picked up a bottle and tried it."
"D: Pretty good, but I don't find this one to be anything special. There are plenty of other good Belgian IPA's out there."
"This seems like a pretty decent Belgian IPA with the bitterness, but the dryness really leaves me feeling unquenched and a bit disappointed. Alcohol is really well hidden but still, this one is bitter and dry. A melange of Sasion, Belgian IPA, and heather beer. Interesting overall, and a hop lovers dream, but for some reason, the flavors seem seperate of each other and this one doesnt really come together very well."
"Beautiful burnt orange color, ample lacing, and mild carbonation make me excited to try this ""experimental"" beer. Wow, nose is much more malt than I expected with some citrus coming through, orange peel likely, a little brett, but mild. Taste is superb; great balance, little detection of alcohol. Beer dances between bitter, sour, and sweet flavors, impressive to say the least. Beer was creamy in the mouth, medium bodied, with medium carbonation. Overall a great beer that exceeded my expectations (I tried not to let the brewer duo impact my expectations). Highly recommend!"
"D I am not sure. 750 ml is a lot and now I kind of wish that I was sharing this with someone. It is a delicious beer though and so it is at least average in drinkability."
"Pours golden brown wiith a large head that laces around the glass. Aroma is belgian yeast, spice, resin hops, and some slight funk, lemon. Mouthfeel is thick but not overdone and nicely carbonated. This brew tastes like a hopped out belgian brew with some funk. Good idea. Wasn't expecting it to be to hoppy but there is a distinct presence of resinous, piney hops in the backbone of this brew. The brett presence is subtle but present, and the belgian yeast is there but not too much which can be the downfall of so many other belgians. What is this brew? A Belgian strong ale? How bout' a IPA-Belgian-sour? OK it's not that sour, how bout just a Belgian IPA? Close but there's more, Oh, screw it. Its a Belgian strong ale, and a damn good one at that."
"Overall a very tasty brew, aroma had me expecting a lot so I was slightly let down by the taste. Belgian yeast and American hops don't really mix that well to me. This one could probably go under the Belgian IPA category."
"Very drinkable and enjoyable. This is one amazing brew!"
"drinkability: nice"
"That's ok... I'm now torn... let the second bottling beer I have hang around, or try it now as something of a comparison? Either way, it'll be delicious, I'm sure."
"This poured a hazy copper with light tan head. It smelled like wild Belgian yeast and creamy apricot hops, with earthy caramel malt and sugary honey, and a bit of oak and alcohol and lemon zest. It tasted like apricot and lemon zest and banana, with sour Belgian yeast and metallic copper hops, with a bit of alcohol and cocoa powder and sugar. It was slightly thick with moderate carbonation that subsided over time, and had a lasting tart aftertaste. Overall this was a nicely done collaboration on a light Belgian ale. It had a fairly delicate and complex flavor that was strong but not overdone. The alcohol was present, but the beer was still pretty easy to drink. It had a mostly clean and enjoyable taste with a very nice smooth body. Not sure if it's worth the money to try again, but it was at least nice to experience once."
"Pours a golden light brown clear colored body, with a big foamy white head, good lacing, somewhat lasting. Funky aroma, some grains, some mustiness, not much hop aroma. Sweet and spicy smelling too. Spicy, sweet taste. A little drying, almost a little sour. Pretty tasty, refreshing. Carbonated."
"750ml corked & caged. Golden cloudy color with very minimal head. Smells of roses, old wood, and pepper. Reminds me of an old ladie's tea room. But with 8.5 abv. Taste is dry caramel, wood, leather, and pepper. Its a very crisp, dry ale. Oddly enough, it ""smells"" sweet but it tastes dry and crisp. Very refreshing in a challenging way. Mouthfeel is soft, a little light. Very drinkable. The alcohol is just a residual warmth in the throat. The crisp finish makes you want more. And I do."
"D - Great stuff, especially as it warms. It's a bit intense in some ways, but I think the 750ml won't be a chore to go through. Although I would've liked to have seen more hops and surely more brett, everything pulled together very well; for having so many components this beer is nearly seamless. I think the complexity suffers a smidge, and of course the price sucks, but I'm glad to have tried it and would recommend it to anyone interested in Belgian/Belgian style beers."
"D: A bit cloying... tough to work through, but what I was able to get out of this beer was solid. Others might be able to get through it a bit more deftly and get a better experience. Worth a try."
"Pours a nice honey color, mainly clear despite a nice yeast caked ring at the bottom of the bottle, a good sized bright white head slowly recedes and laces the glass. Aroma is a nice malty and honey sweetness that is complimented very nicely by some floral qualities and some lemon, very nice. Also some grass, a little pepperiness, some more bright lemons, some funk, as well as a good yeastiness. Taste follows the aroma fairly well, lemon and honey up front, some soft spices, some bitter grassiness and pepper mixes in as well, lemon carries through mixing with some good yeastiness, bordering on just a hint of tartness. Mouthfeel is medium in body, refreshing bitterness and pepperiness on the palate,a bit of dryness in the finish. Much like a saison imo, I was hoping it might be a bit dryer, but still a decent amt of dryness mixes with the malts along with the slightest hint of lemony tartness to make it very pleasing and highly drinkable, very good beer."
"D- Very easy to drink, and the alcohol is sneaky for only 8.5%"
"D: It's an interesting flavor, but in itself, not mind-blowing. Especially at the price. For $17 I expected more. Meh."
"Pours a rich, glowing cedar with tints of orange and a silky tan head. The nose has sweet bready malts, floral hops, earthy spices, citrus fruits and a subtle funky presence. Taste is equally complex. I found this to be a superbly balanced Belgian IPA with a touch of Brett. The funk does not play a huge part in the ale, but quietly adds to the rest of the flavors. The body is silky smooth with delicate carbonation. Fantastic brew."
"D - Nice solid beer. The 750 will be done without any problem."
"Huge pillowy off white head on an aggressive pour, opaque light copper body. Great lacing on the glass, decent head retention. Nose is brett, not really getting anything else. Taste is smoked malts and slightly sour, hops are there which might be where I get some grapefruit. This would be interesting aged. Not very complex as is. Mouthfeel is okay, lack of tastes limits drinkability for me. Overall, been in my fridge a few months and not really that interesting, hops come out as it warms more, but really not one I'd seek out. Might be great with pork or chicken."
"It is going to be all too easy to finish this bottle. I'm forcing myself to take my time, yet like the best Belgian strong pales, it goes down with astonishing ease. Couple that with the inherent complexity, and you have a world-class drinker. Can you guess what I *don't* want to do? Yeah...""share this with someone"" is the correct answer. This bottle is mine, all mine - get your grubby little hands off it."
"D - being on the East Coast if i get a chance to grab onto anything from the west coast that is not distributed here then i do, can see myself grabbing more of these"
"D- This is a sipper for sure, but it is interesting to see how this one opens up as it warms in the glass. It is definitely an interesting beer that I would purchase again. Recommended."
"Great drinkability for the style...definite sipper, but very easy to sip a while."
"I wouldn't have thought possible all the flavors in this beer could possible coexist so beautifully. Yet, they do, and it is fantiastic, and I am happy. Lovely."
"Drinkability is super high. I could drink this all night and forever. A very tasty brew. I love Belgians."
"Overall I'm happy I finally broke and bought this beer - the price tag kept me away for a while but it was worth every penny. Definitely worth a shot."
"Golden color with a medium off-white head. Aroma is Belgian - yeasty, spicy, almost a little bit nutty. Flavor is - yummy malts and just the right amount of spices. Tends to cleanse and dry the palate toward the finish like hops do. Orange comes though a bit later after the finish. Yum!"
"Creamy white fairly rocky head over clear orange body. A bit of honeysuckle in the nose, with mandarin orange with minimal spice on the tastebuds and a fairly clean, though a bit pheolic finish. Nice balance between hops and malt, not too assertive in either direction. Very drinkable for the ABV, and a nice advent to Duvel, etc. Definitely worth seeking out as is anything that it's namesake is affiliated with."
"Drinkability: Very drinkable, I wish I had another bottle!"
"Having just 1 glass of this beautiful beer is a wonderful experience. It's so good. I wish it was at least a semi-regular release. Many thanks to Messieurs Naudts and Tomme Arthur for the art-museum-quality beer. It's superb."
"Wow. I have passed on this brew a hundred times - it's quite expensive and I still haven't tried all of Lost Abbey's ""regular"" beers. Finally this was the last one in the fridge and I got off my ass to pick it up. I'm really glad that I did."
"Overall, this was an intriguing BSPA that would make an ideal aperitif. It definitely accomplished its mission of blending Belgian tradition with American ingenuity. My only gripe was the steep price tag ($18)."
"Mouthfeel is medium light bodied with a lot of carbonation."
"Fine bubbled carbonation. Well carbonated. Smooth medium body, clean, somewhat off-dry finish."
"very nice, but quite pricey."
"d: Aside from the aftertaste, this was a spectacular beer, well worth trying."
"Opinion: This is a really interesting beer to say the least. I am glad that I got two bottles of this. For the record...for anyone who has read my reviews...I am not a hop-head. This beer is hoppy, but the balance is pretty amazing with the Belgian components. I applaud the efforts of these two brewers, and am glad that I got to experience this beer."
"Drinkability- Excellent, seek out if you can find."
"For how ""big"" it is in mouthfeel and how sweet/spicy it is it's quite drinkable...and I enjoyed each sip. But I don't see it as ""A" material."
"D - Quite drinkable for someone, like me, who favors the hoppy, dry finish of a nice IPA or the like. Really, this beer is great. As it warms, it grows more and more complex. These De Proef collaborations are becoming easily my favorite Belgians. This one, brewed in '07, has been hanging around the distribution warehouse until just last week and I'm assuming that some time did this brew nothing but good; every beer enthusiast - no matter the stage of progressing into the world of beer - should try beer like this."
"I've had this brew once before... I don't remember if it was the first or second batch.. I think the first, because it was long before I was reviewing.. I am soooo incredibly stoked to see this on the shelf locally... again.. many thanks to Matt and Ashton.. they are the pump that is bringing in the surprising heavy hitters into boise."
"This is an incredible BSPA. So well rounded and complex, with great hops, funk and belgian malt character. Not as funky as Orval, but rivals in drinkability. Its amazing how easy to drink this beer is."
"D: Very, I realllly liked this beer. It had been around for awhile, had I known it tasted this good I would have consumed it long ago."
"D: Alcohol remains well-hidden behind the strength of flavors. A Belgian Imperial IPA with a great funky undertone. I may need to stock up on this next time I'm at State Line."
"Hazy orange in color with a decent sized head-not the huge whipped cream type you often see in a beer like this but a good size. Very complex and varied aroma-fruity, green apple like with a funky, spicy undertone. Wet hay smelling. Big malty flavor with a strong brett taste to it. Mildly spicy, somewhat citrusy. The balance between the maltiness and the brett is just great. Quite a hop bite going on as well. Has a velvety/creamy mouthfeel I dont think I have ever seen in a beer of this style. Really a complete package here. Goes down ever so easy and I cannot get enough of the malt/brett. I bought this on a whim-need to get some more."
"Hazy amber with clumpy beige foam. Awesome head retention with lots of sticky lace. Spicy aroma, allspice, clove, and ginger. Sort of reminded me of pumpkin pie spices except for the intensity of the floral and perfumey aspects of the smell. There was also a mellow caramel and malt character and some pear and apple notes that were more prominent when the bottle was initially uncorked. Bitterness was mild, some herbal hop flavour, and a light fruitiness of the pear variety. Spicy, with more clove and ginger, plus a bit of white pepper towards the finish. Mellow overall with a bit of tartness that rounded out the flavour. Great balance. Texture was very smooth with a medium/light body and very soft carbonation. Off-dry. Very well done and quite drinkable. There was certainly some complexity here, but with such soft edges that it didn't get in the way of enjoying the beer."
"D - Pretty easy to drink and pretty enjoyable. I wish the better had been taken down a notch but otherwise an excellent brew."
"Oh ya, this is very nice. With lots of subtleties, this is one of those beers that I would bring to a party with a lot of wine drinkers and see there reaction."
"overall a pleasant brew, not overwhelming in any category, but very enjoyable."
"Drinkability: I could drink this beer all night...and all the next day... and the day after that. Very nice and super drinkable."
"I'm digging these collaborative brews, and this is one of the first ones I had ever heard of. If they're all as good as this, I see no reason why brewers shouldn't be creating these meetings of the minds much more often."
"3.5/5"
"There's a lot going on with this beer in taste & smell. It's hard to go wrong with this beer. I had the Jason Perkins Signature version on tap recently and preferred it a bit more but this is still a nice beer."
"D - I loved this beer it was supper easy to drink too bad I only had one bottle of this beer a must try if you can find it"
" Medium plus body with a smooth a fluffy mouthfeel due to the fine carbonation and skillful brewing...very easy too drink and nicely balanced. I highly recommend and hope I can get some more."
"Bottle from the Pizza Port Carlsbad bottle shop (yes!). Pours hazy gold with a frothy white head. Nice lacing. Hoppy, spicy, and slightly funky aroma. Orange peel, more hops, pepper, and the funky/sour/tart taste from the yeast. Left me wanting more...beer. Great beer."
"D - The alcohol is the only limiting factor to an otherwise exceptional offering. I could drink this stuff regularly and year 'round. Try it with mussels - I know I will!"
"Mouthfeel is full bodied, lowly carbonated, noticable abv, yet smooth."
"Bottle from Winking Lizard. This beer is a lightly hazy amber-yellow color with a medium thick off-white head that diminishes steadily. Earthy hops, spice and citrus in the nose. Medium-bodied with a flavorful array of herbs/spices, fruits (banana and citrus), hops and malts. The finish is spicy and floral with a lingering citrus and yeast aftertaste. Overall this beer was a pleasant surprise."
"Mouthfeel is medium bodied with a solid, spritzy fast moving carbonation. There's a nice creamy accent that makes this extraordinarily easy to drink. Really glad I grabbed a bottle of this and I hope I can find another one before it's all gone. A wonderful brewing collaboration, seek this out and enjoy. The best hoppy Belgian brew I've had to date."
"A well made Belgian Strong and one I quite enjoyed."
"Pours a hazy orange-ish with some yellow hies, with a big off white head. In the aroma, well, yeasty sweettarts. In the taste, dry yeastiness, lemon grass, and sweettarts. Somewhat earthy as well. A smooth and medium bodied mouthfeel, with a dry, small tartness in the aftertaste. Expecting big sour/ tartness, and instead dry yeastiness. Quite smooth and doesn't taste like 8.5% ABV."
"D-Nice stuff....I love apples, I love sour and I LOVE sour apples...so this one is an easy winner for me! Glad to have had the chance to try this interesting and well done collaboration brew."
"D - Wow! The was indeed a complex brew with lots of flavor. I was expecting more of a hop profile since Port was involved with this creation, but I was pleasantly surprised by the sweetness, fruitiness and drinkability of this Belgian Strong Ale. The addition of the Brett complemented the sweetness, making this quite a tasty affair."
"Signature Ale is a solid brew from De Proef and Port. The brett didn't have quite the impact I was hoping for but is noticeable and adds some nice characteristics. Well worth seeking out."
"Overall: This beer was good. Not exactly what I expected, but still pretty good. Anything Tomme Aurthur makes is bound to be great."
"Honey becomes more evident and the beer clears up. Nice sugary fruitness, bit of pear and apricot, nice complexity and just a tiny bit spicy but just not where I want it to be overall. If I could give this beer a 4.25 for taste I would because it's better than a plain old 4, the complexity and fruit flavors really give it some extra character but the mouthfeel is just the slightest bit thin and I think takes away from the overall flavor of this beer."
"D - This is a good brew. Nice brett funkiness in a strong ale."
"D- This is a good beer with a good character. I really like the hop accents used in this brew. ABV is minimally detectable, but because of the dryness this is still a slow sipper. Looking forward to other port, lost abbey, and de proef beers. ."
"D: Way too expensive to drink often, although I certainly would if I could. Great overall."
"This is truly an outstanding brew, one of the best I've ever had. I can't wait to search for more of these sweet nectar's."
"At times the Amarillo hops are"
"It looks amazing. Amazing. Amber colored with a puffy, cloudy white head that sits and inch or more on top of the beer. The smell is subdued. There is a hint of ripe fruit and aromatic hops and a bit of yeast. But the smell doesn't provide the shining moment for this beer. The taste is incredible. A bit hoppy, more hoppy than any other Belgian pale ale I've had. Which I really like, aromatic and fruity hops lie on top of sweet maltiness and the classic yeast of Belgians. I really enjoyed drinkin this, but after 750 mL, I doubt that I would drink another. It took me nearly 45 mins to drink just one. But I really do like this. I can't imagine what it took, or what might have transpired, in these two minds creating one beer."
"A solid beer, but I confess I liked the Allagash collaboration effort better."
"Overall, a pretty different but nice Belgian. It's a little too sweet for me."
"Drinkability is good, but IMO it needs to be consumed with food and for me isnt a beer I would drink alone again.. although with food i think it would probably pair nicely."
"Highly recommended..."
"Drinkability: super drinkability here. This is a great beer, too bad it is so expensive. If you see it, break the wallet open to buy a bottle."
"I had a preconceived notion that this beer would be a bit more wild but I'm satisfied with how well balanced it actually is. I would drink this brew anytime it was available to me."
"D - Unoffensive flavors that are well balanced and easy to enjoy. At 8.5% though, I think one of these would be enough. Maybe two depending on if I have had my daily fix of vodka;)"
"Herbal bitter hops and toasted malt flavors up front. Sweet fruits follow along with powdered sugar and some biscuity malt. More herbal hops enter along with some pine and resin notes. Hints of earthy tartness and cobwebs come in before a bittersweet finish. Very nice. Gets even more complex and tasty as it warms. Full-bodied with a creamy feel backed by rollicking bottle-conditioned carbonation. What a great collaboration!"
"The aroma is grassy with apricots and perfume. The flavor beings with white pepper, wet farmhouse, and sweet apple (like in pie) and then finishes with a bitter lemon rind note that lasts and lasts with an earth element. Overall there's a little funk, a little fruit, and then a big hoppy finish. Damn this is good."
"We're sipping this one quite slowly to savor every drop - it packs a wallop - and even when room temperature (though not ideal) is quite complex and enjoyable."
"It's got all the earmarks of something special, with a noteworthy collaboration as a foundation. And while it's a touch halting in spots, and while the blending feels patchwork at times, it still delivers in a positive way. The stentorian ABV keeps drinkability a bit lower than it might be otherwise, but it still goes down ably. It didn't wow me, but hey, breaking the mold is a process, not an end in itself."
"Caged and corked (plastic cork at that) Pours dark apricot, and cloudy, oatmeal head is retentive, slowly receding and then turning into a thicker tiny bubble film, lace left behind is generous and intricate. Nose has a lot going on, citrus, barnyard, gooey/resiny hop juice. Big, complex, bold, thoroughly enjoyable creation. Lots of pineapple, lime, resiny hops, bready malts, and then the bonus of Belgian yeast spicing and sour brett. notes. Yum yum yum, an adventure in taste and sensations in every sip. Love this hybrid American/Belgian style and this one is right on. Only drawback here is the sticker shock pricing of $17.99 for the bomber...."
"The beer is nicely carbonated, and a wonderful balance between the hops and the wild yeast."
"This bottle is from the original release. The second release, which is from Spring 2008, has a small 'B2' near the silk-screened government warning. Thanks to the incredibly generous Talisker for the opportunity."
"High ABV keeps the drinkability down a tad, as does the overall complexity. The alcohol notes are just present enough to know its strong."
"Picked up this bottle at Ted's Butcherblock in Charlotte SC. This was a a big winner. Pours a golden color with a huge head. Aroma is full of pale malts, yeast and hops. Very full taste of peach, hops, and bread. I'd love to track down another bottle of this."
"I cracked my second bottle and it paired nicely with my Ashton VSG cigar."
"Bottle sampled at Lost Abbey during RBSG. Pours the color of unfiltered apple juice and just as hazy. Head is soft with decent retention and nice lacing. Aroma is canned peaches with some funky brett. Flavor is yeasty with a peach syrup sweetness and a dry brett/hops finish. Alcohol is invisible. Interesting beer."
"Drinks pretty good, but the complexity & ABV would get to me after a bottle or 2. Good take on the style, the Brett didn't mess this one up too much"
"Flavor is outstanding. Creamier than most BSPAS Ive had, but I really dig it. sour yeasts, lots of the smae flavors found in the aromas now concentrated into liquid delight! Mouthfeel and drinkability go without being spoken as ridiculously wonderful. Anything involving either of the two collaborating Brewmasters-Sir Tomme or Dirk is phenominal, here we have the result of a Belgian Master with an American Belgian-style Master. Phenonminal beer worth seeking out."
"Viva, Amarillo. Gem of a beer."
"Color is a pale golden orange with a great big brite white head. Nose is slightly funky with citrus and apricots, some slight grains. Nice backbone of mixed malts, some that are a bit sweet and some that are a bit more husky. Being a big ""C" hop fan and a fan of Belgian Pales really put me in the right space for this beer. More citrus notes, not the more fleshy ripe notes but more grapefruit and orange rind, quite good. Mouthfeel is big and creamy for the style. Quite the mix here, I wish I would have picked one up to age for a bit."
"Would rate this much higher in a couple years. This needs time. Sediment was heavy, a little oxidized but in a good way. Floral, hops kick in a little in the mid and finish. Slightly disjointed finish and dry. Nose smelled of white rubber, and the brew had some sweetness. I have to believe once that balances out with some bottle age this will be an outstanding brew. And at around $13 not bad for a special brew in a 750ml caged bottle."
"Overall: This beer defies style designation... One of the most unique and outstanding beers I have ever had if you can find it ignore the price tag and just get it it is unbelievable."
"Man this is good. Tart fruit flavors with a thick sticky malt and resiny hop middle. Full of tropical fruits, hints of stone fruit, and belgian yeast. Some spicey qaulity on the finish with a nice spritzy carbonation that really makes his a drinkable beer. So much going on and just a terrific collaboration."
"Sort of a light, hazy copper with an average puffy off-white head. Very subtle aroma of earth and yeast. The flavor really did a strange number on me - it was so very mild and shy, a touch of sweetness that I could not tell whether it was from malt sugar or added sugar balanced by a faint bitter dryness that once again I could not guess its source. Hops? Yeast? A very dry maltiness achieved through high attenuation? I couldn't say, and I couldn't even say if it ""tasted good"" because everything was so damn mellow and elusive. A very coy beer. It was the soft medium body, and something (again) elusive on the mild dry finish that made me just go, ""damn"" and keep on taking rapid sips to hunt it down. Something was happening but I didn't know what. This beer is invisible. Nothing bold or brash about it. You just keep wanting more and then it's gone. I'm still not sure I get it."
"Supposedly a wild ale, hopped like a Double IPA. Golden color with a small, wispy white foam. Smells of some wildness, with hints of floral-like, lemony, grapefruity hops. Flavor has some malt & yeast derived notes of peach and nectarine. Also a lot of hop character with some funkiness. It's a fairly good Belgian ale."
"The body is more moderate but understandable with the ABV. A soft carbonation. Overall a light beer with some very soft and floral notes. I should note that this has been aged just short of a year. Would like to see this after a few years."
"I really enjoyed this beer. I'm usually not a fan of Belgian Strong Pale Ales, but this one has a nice bit of funkiness and is really mellow and easy to drink. I have more of these that I will look forward to trying down the line. It should age quite well."
"D: Super easy drinking. This is a weird beer in that it has so much going on. Almost too much. Would love to see how this ages when that Brett goes to town. A really great singular beer."
"If you are not a fan of Belgian or wild brews, BEWARE THE FUNK! If you enjoy them, YOU WILL LOVE THIS BEER!"
"Bottle courtesy of Kryptic: Poured a deep hazy golden color ale with a huge bubbly foamy head with good retention and great lacing. Aroma of funky notes with some barnyard-like notes as well. Taste is also a nice mix between some barnyard-like notes and some funky yeast with a dry European hops finish. Full body with limited filtration and great carbonation and no apparent alcohol. It kind of reminded me of Orval but I would still prefer to drink Orval over this even thought it is an interesting experiment."
"D: A very nice treat on a glorious early June Sunday afternoon. Paired at first with some meats and cheeses then later on it's own, a likable ale which is certainly worth recommending."
"T/M: Mouthfeel is perfect to me. Just the right amount of carbonation and weight for this style. Starts with some sweetness which fades into a nice hop bite. Finish the spiciness of the hops comes through bnd turns into a yeasty and bready note. Long dry finish brings thh alcohol in with an astringent/herbal/earthy note. Slight orangish tste comes in as well with touches of honey."
"The 750 ml. bomber holding the beer was silk screened with a lot of information about the making of this joint effort. When poured into a Duvel tulip, this one looked decent but not great. The golden color, and the large head were nice, but the chill haze was a bit heavy. The smell was quite a bit like a Saison with hops and wildness coming together for an inviting bouquet. The taste was a great marriage of two bold and proud traditions. The hops were immediately noticeable like they would be in a bright American IPA, but the malt content was quite a bit higher, and the unique dry and sour flavors that come only from Belgian Yeast and Brettanomyces were vying for attention. The finish was spicy like white pepper. The body was medium thick and satisfying in its sticky consistency. Another proof that addition of more hops is almost never a bad thing."
"Drinkability: Will finish this bottle and report back. [Time passes] Even better than I initially thought. Very solid."
"Just. Not. Good."
"Poured from corked caged 750ml bottle from The Port's bottle shop back in September of last year. Have tried many times before both in bottles and on tap at Lost abbey and at the port but never reviewed until now. First of all I have to say I like this beer better in the bottle than on tap even though its a great beer no matter the source, Second with a year age on it the Brett has developed mor and some of the hops have faded but help balance it out more like a BSPA. Poured into Duvel Snifter a Hazy Golden Orange color with a white head about a finger thick with good lacing. Smell is a light brett funk, spice, sweet candi sugar amd mellow citrus scents. Taste is sweet malt mixed with lemon zest, light grass flavors, atouch of spice and phenolic compounds. Mouthfeel is light body with an active but light carbonation. This mixed with its great balance of flavors and the fact that its abv is well hidden make this not only a great drinking beer but a world class effort by two great brewers."
"D- This beer has lots of crazy flavors but they all compliment each other and none of them are overpowering. The beer store guy described this as a ""mind f%#k", and that is all he would say. I can now see why. It is the only beer that I have bought a case of bombers after I tried it. Truly an amazing beer, and an example that it is possible to have a fusion of hops, funk, malt, and fruity yeast flavors in a beer."
"Flavor really does sing out with a solid hop profile- not hop crazy like Tommy Arthur's Hop 15 or anything like that, but still solid. But to me, the De Proef side of the equation dominates, and reminds us how important yeast is in the creation of beer. Fortunately, the flavorings of this Belgian brewery are one of my very favorites, and so I like this one."
"Overall, a very good beer that I will be purchasing more of."
"Notes: Good but not overly impressive."
"Had no idea what this was when I bought but I jump all over anything Tomme touches, first beer from the other brewery though, too bad this was only a one time deal, quite good and I would drink again, recommended"
"D: This is a well-crafted brew. Subtle and complex, with a wonderful blend of Belgian and American cultures. This is a great brew. Sessionable? Probably not, but enjoyable for what it is."
"D - This is a nice simple beer with full, enjoyable flavors. That being said, I expect some more complexity from these brewers. I felt at times like I was drinking a Duvel with some American hops added in. Fine beer, but if you are looking for a beer to ponder, you might want to look elsewhere."
"Drinkability- This one scores high in my book. Combines so many great scents and flavors and is extremely drinkabkle. Had this with pork chops and a spicy green bean dish, went very well with it."
"8.5%? Would have never have guessed it."
"Plenty of originality and character, and very tasty."
"Even if you are not a fan of funky or tart beers this one is till quite tame in that department and would be worth a try."
"Pours a light hazy amber to golden color with a white head. Smell is honey-like floral and floral hops. Light pollen like smell along with a hint of funk. Very delicate, soft flavors and the 8.5% was hidden very well. Pretty nice."
"Definitely recommend. Think strong pale ale meets saison and you have the right idea."
"Dangerously drinkable. Very memorable."
"Purchased from Bottleworks in Seattle. Poured a somewhat cloudy amber with a decent sized rocky head that fades to a cap that sticks around. Aromas of citrusy hops and a slight Brett sourness. This one will probably pick up more of this character with age, but then the hops will mellow a good bit as well, changing the profile a good deal. Nice fruity aromas of peaches, plums, and orange as well. The taste has similar components as are reflected in the nose. It's a seemless blend of piquant Brett flavor and citrusy hops. Interesting and delicious. There is a fairly dry malt underlying everything as well. Mouthfeel is nicely dry and refreshing, but reelatively full as well. Very nice effort- reminds me a bit of the Jolly Pumpkin beers as well."
"Pours a hazy amber, medium sized off white head forms, drops to a thin layer leaving a ton of lacing behind, looks pretty nice. Smell is insanely wicked! Grapefruit, very hoppy, caramel, acidic, oranges, sour funk, wood, great. Taste is similar, floral and piney hops, fruits, oranges, alcohol, some bready malt, nice funkiness, some vinegar, insane. Mouthfeel is medium bodied with medium carbonation, wickedly drinkable and good. One of my favourite beers for a while, thanks Jan!!"
"Two and a half years later, had a bottle courtesy of Jeremy and its a dark fruit smell, citrussy, lacey. Better mouthfeel."
"D - Very well done. I was interested to see how the big hops played with the Brett and I am surprised by how well it turned out."
"CHEERS! Beertracker"
"The hops presence helps to define this beer as an American/Belgian cross-over, which I appreciate. But their strong presence is the only thing keeping me from across the board 5's on my rating. Just a little less would be perfect for my BSPA palate."
"It was a dark amber (and I mean that in the sense of the semi-precious stone). The body was medium and the service it does as a food pairing beer is high. I would look to this beer to pair with spicy food that sticks to your mouth. Use it as a liberator to return to the first taste of the food you chose to share it with."
"D: I found this beer to be quite lovely, however I could see it being to intense for some. Aaaaah the beauty that comes from pushing the boundaries of beer styles"
"Thanks to goodbyeohio for the chance to taste this rarity."
"What a treat. Where is the 8%? So so good. I now have a nice collectors bottle to remind me of this one time brew!"
"drinkability is great. good mix of california and belgium. the base beer has belgium written all over it, then the west coast hops come in on top. nicely balanced. just an excellent beer. big thanks to jan for sharing this one."
"This is a well balanced sipper and a beer I highly recommend. It's one of the best beers I've had in a long time. I ran out and picked up another to enjoy in the future."
"Aftertaste is pretty dry, had to switch up with water pretty often towards the end. Don't see myself trying this again for the price ($16) but on tap I would definitely have one."
"Drinkability is good. This beer scores points for just being so interesting and unlike any other beer in the style I have tried. It's a bit much, and very powerful. But still tasty, and well worth trying."
"D: Slightly on the mild side, but very good, nonetheless. Nice."
"750 ml bottle. Served in a snifter, the beer pours a golden orange color with a thick inch and a half off-white head. Head retention and lacing are both pretty good. It has an overall nice fruity aroma. It smells like peach, apple, lemon, pineapple, yeast, spice, and citrusy hops. Taste is similar to the aroma, there's a good mix of sweet and bitter in this brew. The sweetness is light, it's not overwhelming at all. It also has a lingering bitter grassy hop finish. Mouthfeel/body is medium, it's creamy and coating but not heavy. It's also smooth with moderate carbonation, which makes this pretty easy to drink. Overall I think this is a pretty good beer, I'd pick it up again."
"Not a bad brew, but not quite as clean, refreshing and enjoyable as Duvel or Delirium."
"Overall a fine beer. A bit steep on the price ($13) but understandable. The hoppier Belgian Ale is quickly becoming a favorite style of mine..."
"Mixed bag on this one. The bitterness throws it out of whack and overshadows any pleasant nuances (i.e-the Brett character). It also limits it's drinkability. I love IPA's and am a hophead, but this just seems off-kilter. Enjoyable...yes, but not worth a 2nd purchase."
"D- Delicious and easy to drink, very well balanced between the sweet fruits and subtle malts"
"On the palate is an rather sour, tangy, with human bile like flavor (yes, but it's still good). Mixed fruit and powdered sugar sweetness are present, with a highly carbonated sweet and sour finish."
"Overall I was shocked by how good this was. It was almost a perfect blend of the two styles and the west coast hop profile really shined here. It was just a great match between the two and I would love to see them do something else together soon. Great job on this I really enjoyed it and will have to go grab a couple more of them."
"Overall- Nice to try, not something I would seek out for the rest of my life."
"It's no surprise that the larger than life Belgian ale-type producers of De Proef and Port combine with the former's ability to churn out authentic product that couples with Mr. Author's artistry and attention to keen detail that separates the contenders from the pretenders."
"Glad I finally got to try out this cross-Atlantic collaboration. It's an American microbrew twist on your basic Belgian ale, and it works - the hops we yanks have come to crave on a crazy, candied Bel."
"D: A good Belgian, kind of pricey, but I have good faith in anything that Tomme Arthur does, so I went for it. Maybe a little to expensive for what it is, but still very tasty. Didn't blow me away, but still a tasty Belgian, a good experimental brew."
"Tasty beer but really a bit strong in the mouth and a bit of a challenge for the tongue. I wouldn't turn a glass of this down but I wouldn't drink two bottles of it in a night either. Too intense and complex for merely drinking kind of like the lemon over dose that limoncello delivers. A bit pricey but worth it."
"The flavor could potentially have scored higher if not for the fact that as the beer rested and warmed it changed to that of simply an American IPA. All the Belgian elements were lost in the wash of bitter hops. Now this is not really a bad thing in and of itself, however had it retained it's initial balance between the two it would really be something special."
"A good beer that I was looking forward to trying, but the RR Sanctification was far and beyond the stand out go to beer for the weekend."
"Flavor is soft malty with a bit of brown sugar and a slight tang that is couched in enough malt to balance the bitterness and tanginess and intense carbonation."
"This is an absolutely kick-ass brew; ample hops and Brett derived funk, how can I not just absolutely love this beer. A beer to satisfy the inner hop head and funk-o-phile at the same time. I am so glad I found this lone, discardedly placed, wayward bottle at Hi-Times. Perhaps not perfect in any category, but I am just really digging everything this beer has to offer right now. I think part of my enjoyment of this beer is that it reminds me of a hoppy, 100% Brett fermented, 5% alcohol beer that I brewed that was just phenomenal. My biggest regret is that I don't have a couple of these to age."
"This beer poured a slight hazy light amber color and formed a nice foamy white head that coated the glass with lace as it slowly subsided. A medium amount of carbonation is present. An aroma of malt, caramel, hops, citrus and pine. The flavor was of citrus, pine and a touch of pepper. The body is medium light and the finish is a bit sprite, yet also slightly astrigent."
"This is a pretty aggressive beer for those not accustomed to the character of brett, which has become very prominent. I enjoy the complexity it adds, requiring a slower pace to fully appreciate. However, I thought this was fantastic when I had it fresh on draught, with the strong dry-hopping really nice, and ultimately didn't like this older bottle as much. Nevertheless, I thoroughly enjoyed it, and really milked the last 1/2 of the last glass, as I really didn't want it to end!"
"Drinkability: A pretty good beer, it's release should be good news for any fans of the latest trend of hoppy Belgians."
