review_text
""
"Bottle. Pours a slightly hazy bright reddish-amber color. Good off-white head with good retention. Aroma is roast malt, caramel, and dried fruit. Flavor is sweet malt, butterscotch, raisin and grassy hops. Medium bodied and lightly carbonated. Smooth-drinking, but not something I would seek out on a regular basis."
""
"Another beer that got better as it began to open up a little and is one that I quite enjoyed from that stage on. There was a nice mix of sweet malts and herbs that worked well together and overall there was a good balance with the beer. Probably not one to go back to all that often but a nice, enjoyable beer that I would have again if it was on offer."
""
"Nothing wrong with it, but it doesn't set my world alight and I'll not be seeking out another."
""
"At first the rather acrid flavour reminds me of heather beer but as this herbal flavour wanes, a subtle, sweet, strangely pleasant element holds sway for a while. That while ensures this is very a much sipper."
"Rich caramel malt that leans to the sweeter side. The hop is here in the taste but only as a peppery spice.  Great balance to lamb I'm having. Rich body with a decent amount of carbonation.  Malted milk ball aftertaste (with white pepper from the hop). "
"D - Pretty standard for a gruit. Not bad for what it is, but the strange herbal flavors and muddy malt character keep it from being anything more than a novelty. In many ways, this is more like a soup than a beer, probably not something that I would drink again."
"Nice on the tongue, and easy to drink despite the somewhat bitter flavour."
"M&D: the texture is slightly tainted by the sharply fizzy swallow and loosely-composed carbonation in its aftermath, hence slightly watery/thin and unsuitable for the overall decent, moderate flavour. That said, a pretty interesting mixture is arrived at on the palate - much more likeable than the cloying aroma - showing a clear structure from light malts leading to deepening bitterness with the unusual ingredients chiming in harmoniously, as neither ginger nor thistles comes too much overall. Interesting."
"I would certainly drink it again, but I can't help feel this could have been great. Instead it is a nice beer, I would drink it again, but I wouldn't go out of my way to get it."
"500ml bottle. According to the label ,bittered by the addition of thistle. Nice looking bronze/reddish amber beer with a thick creamy light tan head. Lightly floral aromas but mostly malty. Very malty flavour but somehow it comes across my palate as creamy . toffeeish hints. Pretty heavy floral ( thistle) aspects,semi-dry with some fruitiness also. Good mouthfeel , pretty smooth and tasty. I liked this, it is indeed an unusual ale, i would certainlly have it again."
