review_text
""
""
"Had this one a bit ago, Poured out as the traditional brown color with a thin white head on top that fades rapidly. The smell of this is of dark fruits and molasses. The taste is primarily the same things as the nose with a touch of bread in there as well. The mouthfeel of this is much like a soda, generously carbonated and thin feeling. Overall it's a pretty standard Kvass, not one that I would have to seek out in the future."
""
""
"This is quite tasty but it feels too much like soda pop to me. I really do like the nose on this and hint of dry bread."
"O - Overall, while I really don't know what to make of this style I left my personal taste out of this. This beer IS better than average as far as Kvass goes. I still don't like it, but it is a better one. I'd rather drink any american adjunct over this and I have no idea how people can drink a whole can of this."
"Overall... just... I don't even have words to describe it. I wouldn't even call this beer, and I'm not sure how they can get away with it. It's like very partially fermented mash of rye bread, raisins, corn stalk, molasses, gerbil ass, dog biscuit, and the lost souls of Genghis khan and his horse, all blended until fermentation was about to start when the yeast just died of asphyxiation. Although, I would recommend giving it a try, it's at least a step up from Sam Adams Triple Bock."
"D: A little flavorful, goes down ok, not too filling, extremely mild kick, decent representation of style, it has what you look for in the style but there are other choices in the style that are a bit better."
"A pretty average experience for a beer, but unusual and not a bad thirst quencher."
"Pours A nice ruby brown. Almost no head to speak of. Pretty though. Definitely not a bad looking beer. Smells.... Interesting.awful at first but improves as it warms up. Taste sweet and wonderful. Lots of rye and raisin. Vry thin though. The mouthfeel kind of ruins the beer. Overall... Odd... But not very good"
"D. This is pretty terrible. The flavor is much better than I expected from the aroma."
"Many thanks to woodychandler for introducing me to the world of Kvass. Poured from a 16.9 oz. can. Has a dark cola like color with no head at all, some carbonation. Smell is of molasses, very sweet. Taste is way to sweet for my liking, lots of molasses, some fruit notes, kind of like the Malta drink sold at the Dominican/Puerto Rican restaurant around the corner from my job, only much sweeter. Feels syrupy in the mouth and I was not impressed overall."
"Overall it's a decent enough kvas that's really well made, but I yearn for a little more of the traditional character - flaws and all."
"The Crack went off without any issues and the Glug produced a fizzy finger of deep-tan head with limited retention. Wave bye-bye! Color was a deep-reddish brown with ruby or garnet highlights. Beautiful! Nose gave off notes of drying tobacco, prunes and raisin bread. Mouthfeel was fuller than I remember from the bottle and it had an oddly slightly sour taste on the tongue. It was very dried-fruit like in its flavor, think raisins and prunes with an underlying cola flavor, but accompanied by a slight sourness. Wild. Finish was rather dry with a taste like raisin bread that absolutely lingered. There are only three (3) KANned Kvasses, AFAIK, so I will reserve judgment on its Kooler Worthiness until I have tried them all."
"My first Квас, definitely looking forward to more."
"Drinkability -- This taste a lot like Malta India - a beer-like soft drink that I have mixed feelings about. However, maltas don't wear on the palate like this beverage does. It's reminiscent of sucking out a Coca-Cola spilled on the back deck. Doubt I'll ever seek out another."
"The appearance is brown with a thin head that quickly fades, leaving no lacing. The aroma is sweet malts with sugary caramels. The taste is just overbearing. Ridiculously sweet and instantly cloying, I just couldn't get more than a few ounces down. It was really cool to try a kvass for the first time, but I did not find this beer, or perhaps even this style, to my liking."
"Beer is thin and super sweet. Difficult to drink. Oddly bitter and jaw hurting. I eventually give up and pour the rest out. Still haven't figured out the appeal."
"Poured a maroonish brown with a thin head and left very little lacing on the glass. The nose consisted of a variety of grains, slight dark fruits, some sugar sweetness and faint bready notes. The flavors on this brew reminded me of iced tea with grains, prunes, and a sticky malty presence. The beer was medium body with a low amount of carbonation that had a sweet and grainy finish. I honeslty did enjoy this beer and would definitely try to get more beer of this style. Overall it was a decent beer and drank exceptionally well for me and had coming back for seconds since there was plenty of it due to the big liter bottle offering."
"D: I tried this because I was interested in trying the style, but I do not have any burning desire to try it again. I just was not a huge fan of this one."
