review_text
"From the can. Yeah, this'll put hair on your chest. Foul as it is, I did kind of like the aroma on it. Really did smell like Russian black bread, or some kind of rye or sourdough. Don't really want to drink that though..."
""
"For all I know this may be a fabulous Kvass. But to me it tastes like beef bouillon with a dose of root beer. Interesting woody, leaf mold smell with a whiff of mouse pee. Soy sauce with a Kool-Aid undertone? Bottoms up!"
"Looks and smells much better to me, than it tastes reminds me of Dr. Pepper which is made with prunes"
""
""
""
"this has the look and the body of a beer - I don't think there's any question about it... it just carries the sweetness of a soft drink but, apparently, not nearly as much sugar as a Coke; can't figure that out... luckily, I grabbed another can of a different brand, so we'll see how that measures up"
""
""
""
""
""
"O-tastes like a beer flavored soda, or soda flavored beer....I can't decide. It's surprisingly good and very drinkable! I enjoy the format as well, big plastic bottle...it's fitting."
""
""
"Overall the flavors were all right, but it suffered from such low carbonation."
""
"Picked up a can of this from a local Russian Deli. Poured into a pint glass and was quickly hit by the sweet molasses aroma. Was like sticking my nose in a jar of molasses. Being a dark beer guy, I liked how it look, until the nice tan head faded (about 30 seconds). Beer had a dark hazy brown look and a strong sweet aroma. Taste was like prunes and molasses, very sweet, hell, this is prune juice. Mouthfeel is light and flat with a sour aftertaste. Never had anything like this before."
""
""
"I'm glad I've tried this, but I'm not sure what to do with it. Maybe I'd like a strong Kvass that's more sour. Maybe I just need to find a better Kvass."
"O: Not anything traditionally beer like but I’m glad I got to try it. I’ll pick up a birch beer sometime to see how it compares."
"Drink- Well the hardest two styles are ticked. This is just odd to me. Raisins, sugar, bread. Its kinda bad but I keep drinking it!"
"Overall not bad, but not really interesting or exciting, but it is drinkable."
"O - Overall this is much different and better than the others. Tastes almost like raisin water. I still cant consume a whole can of this, but its not bad."
""
"O: The aroma was just unpleasant. Flavor wasn't too bad, though."
"O: With all of the sweetness, drinking this beer definitely takes some getting used to, although it does taste a little better as the beer warms up."
"O: For what it is, this is pretty damn tasty, and incredibly drinkable. I definitely see this as a nice drink in the summer when nothing else sounds good. It definitely is soda like, and is really sweet, but I kinda like it. Why aren't there Eastern European Markets in Vernal, UT!?!?!"
"I'm really glad I got to try this... but bot is it a daunting beer style to drink..."
"Overall a pretty average thirst quencher. Glad I could try the style and would not have any great exception to drinking another one....just wouldn't seek it out."
"O: Very different, but not something I ever want to drink again."
"D: Tasty, goes down easily, not too filling, very mild kick, good representation of style, although the sweetness is a bit much this beer is decent low ABV alternative."
"O: Not something I would want to drink again. I guess if it’s all you got I could see pounding a few of these if they were ice cold. I’m glad I got to try a kvass though as I continue my quest to broaden my palate. Thanks again woodychandler for sending one of these my way. Cheers!"
"O: I didn't score a single category too highly (ok, smell is a '4'), yet here I am scoring a bit higher for the Overall. Harken back to the 'Drinkability' days of not so long ago, I find this to be a benign yet cheerful sort of drink, the kind I don't have to have again but certainly wouldn't refuse either. It's like salted cola...and that's OK by me."
"I would never compare kvass to beer. They are two entirely different animals. Even when you lump together ales, stouts, and lagers together all as beer, kvass still doesn't fit amongst them. It's not really an alcoholic beverage (1% on average). In Russia, it is served on the street from giant metal tanks probably 50-100 gallons in size, and it is loved by children and adults alike on hot summer days. When I judge a bottled or canned kvass, I always compare it against the street kvass, which is the best. It can't be compared to any type of beer."
"(D)- A very different beer. I realize this fits the style, however it is almost undrinkable for me. Very sugary sweet and weird."
"Overall I'm giving it a C rating...since it is the first one for me. Glad to have tried this one. Would like to try another, but I can wait :)"
"Thanks again, woodychandler, I will definitely reCAN the favor!"
"O: Better than I expected. I could see myself downing some of these if they were ice cold on a hot summer day."
"Many thanks to woodychandler for introducing me to the world of Kvass. Poured from a 17.6? oz. can. Has a very dark brown color with a 1/2 inch head. Smell is of molassesand herbs, some malts. Taste is the same, some molassess, herbs and spices, not nearly as sweet as the Kvass I reviewed the other night. Feels syrupy in the mouth and overall while this was not bad, it is not something I would enjoy on a regular basis."
"Overall, Ochakovskiy is well-made, well-balanced, and fairly complex. It's Russia's market leader, and rightfully so."
"This was as flat as a board and generated no head at all. Color was a deep brown with ruby highlights. Nose had a smoky scent, which was interesting. Mouthfeel was thin with a caramel-nutty flavor in the mouth and none of the cloying sweetness that I had experienced in the others. Finish reminded me of walnuts and caramel, but not particularly sweet. I would not want a steady diet of this (or any Kvass, to date), but this was the best of the lot."
"The CPJ"
"Taste, oh god, I couldn't take this. I wanted to expand my horizons, was drinking it with the Russian girlfriend, wanted to make a decent effort to like/try it, but could not finish it, couldn't even come close. Nearly gag inducing, cloying and sweet, like pureed berries, molasses and castor oil."
"The Kvass Kick continues its overlap with brewing day. This kvass pours a translucent very dark garnet-brown topped by somewhere around a finger of light ecru foam. The nose comprises sourdough, rye bread, light bad milk, and some very light roasted malts. The taste holds notes of light cola, light root beer, sour rye, Melba toast, and caramel. The body is a light medium, with a light carbonation and a light syrupy feel. Overall, one of the nicer kvass entries, though a bit light in the body. I might be getting used to these drinks..."
"This beer pours a fizzy darkness with tan foam that fades to only a lace. The smell is a bit too potent. Mostly it smells of soy sauce, sesame oil, and vinegar. That is not a good combo without a wok involved. The taste is not good either. It's sour and bready and really a vinegar astringency making it really unpleasant. This may be one of the worst kvasses that I've ever had (and at this point it's my 3rd). Though it is repulsive to the senses it can but cut with ice and drinks like a normal kvass...even if it does suck."
"I can't say much about how this is for the kvass style, but it's not very good overall. Tastes like (kv)ass."
"D-I used to drink this a lot when I shopped at Russian grocery stores in Philadelphia. I don't have as much of a taste for it anymore, but it's nice every once in awhile."
"D - While I love trying new beer, this is one style I don't think I'll ever be revisiting. I've been taking small sip to experience it but now that my review is done, so is my experience with the beer. It's not something I ever want to have again, or finish for that matter, but I can't just bashing a beer I don't like personally based on inexperience with the style. Odd certainly, but it doesn't seem off in any way."
"It's incredibly sweet, like unfermented wort. Toasted grain, a sour twang, molasses, malt extract. Really sweet yet thin, cola-like. Kind of fruity too, it pretty much tastes like malt soda. What the hell is this? Do people actually drink this stuff?"
"Drinkability: I'm still on the fence regarding kvass as a style. This tastes more like a soft drink to me; indeed, at 2%, it's pretty soft indeed. Still, the flavor is interesting. Call it average."
"Enjoyable. The hotter it gets outside, the better it tastes."
"Pours a light brown with no head. The aroma is very sweet and wood-like. Quite odd and off-putting. The flavor is almost worse....damn near made me gag. Just a weird fake cherry sweetness that is so cloying it is disgusting. Honestly, I can't give any more detail because I couldn't stomach another sip or smell."
"D - It's not necessarily a bad beer. It's more bizarre than anything else, and I'm glad I got a chance to try it. That said, I won't be seeking it out again."
"Appearance is somewhat murky dark dark brown. Thin head dissipates into a ring around the rim of the glass. The smell is very pronounced bread, a strange sourish malty smell, some caramel and toast. Actually kind of nervous to take a drink.Here goes the first sip and... wow, kind of tastes like a flat cola. The sweetness is all over the place, I can even taste it on my lips after finishing the drink. Flavor of tea and sugar, Dr. Pepperish flavor in there. Each sip gets a little better, but this isn't a good flavor overall.Mouthfeel is super thin. Not much going on and its unpleasant. Drinkability is low, I might be able to finis this, but won't beat myself up for a second if I don't."
"D – The verdict: Kvass is gross, but not horrifying. Worth trying once."
"Beer is super thin and really sweet. Finishes a little dry but has a terrible aftertaste. The aftertaste it by far the biggest thing about this beer. Unfortunately I cannot recommend it. Its rough. Second taste, not as bad but still, really really rough with a strong after taste. Drinkability low. Practically a drain pour."
"It reminds me of a malta drink from the Caribbean. Is it really beer? I suppose in a broad sense, as it is made of fermented malts, but more of a dark malt beverage. Very sweet."
"Poured into a mug a dark brown color, nice carbonation, nice one-finger fizzy off-white head, not much sticky lacing left behind. The nose is malty, with some toffee, molasses, and caramel. The taste is slightly malty, sweet, with some toffee/caramel/prunes notes. Light/Medium body. Drinkable, not that bad, but quite the different brew."
"This Kvass poured a deep, dark, red brown color with brown that foam that settled but clung to the glass in places. There was a lot of carbonation, with good sized bubbles. The smell was richly malty with notes of molasses and prunes. The taste was prunes, molasses, malt, dark bread, and a bit of yeast. There was a slight tanginess like a dark rye bread and a moderate sweetness. The mouthfeel was smooth with light body and strong carbonation feel. Light sweetness overall but the sweet, malty flavors lingered. This was a refreshing malt beverage, very low in alcohol."
"M + D: A good carbonation, but a weaker body... a little watery, even. Drinkability is fine in the sense of how easy it is to drink, due to lack of alcohol content. It's not a very pleasant representation of the style, though."
"Drinkability: Is this Kvass? Probably. Is it a good Kvass? Probably. Do I like Kvass? No. Do Russians like Kvass? If so, why? This isn't necessarily the style for me, but - just like how I try and enjoy a margarita when I get Mexican food - I suppose I could have one of these if I was in the appropriate location."
"HV"
"I almost gag every time I take a sip of this. Tastes like day-old Miller High Life with some bread, chocolate, and coffee mixed in. It looks like cola, and at first it smells like oh, say, a bottle of Old Milwaukee. If only it tasted even half as good as Old Milwaukee. Please, for your own sake, stay away."
"D - Bad. This is my first experience with the style and am starting to think it will be my last. The flavors in this beer just do not work for me on any level. Started out with a decent aroma but just went down hill from there. Glad I got the chance to try this style out but I'm not impressed by this particular selection."
"D - It's hard for me to judge this beer since I'm unclear on what it should taste like. Never the less, I'm not going to finish this can and I won't be looking for another."
"Dave (Buckeyesox) shared this with me (I believe ultimately it came to OH from Prototypic), I'm appreciative of the opportunity to try a new beer style. Having been a free glass of kvass, I'm apprehensive to give a poor review. But I feel I must do so. The beer's appearance is not bad, dark caramel-copper color, a little murky, very thin head. The beer's smell is tea-like and a little medicinal, kind of an aged beer aroma not unlike Gouden Carolus. I have no frame of reference for a kvass so this gets a ""3". The taste is strong with over-ripe dark fruit like plums or dates, also some cough medicine which is a little objectionable. A little taste goes a long way for this one. Again, I guess a ""3" since this just may be the definitive representation of the style. The body is thin but despite this, and despite the low ABV, I found this to be a chore to drink. Low marks on drinkability, I can't help but put my own uninformed opinion into this particular rating. With time I may try more kvass beers, but it won't be due to me searching them out. In case I do try another, I'll try to compare with these notes."
"Hands down the most unique beer I've ever had. I didn't like it per-say, but I don't regret a single sip. I'm very thankful to prototypic for hooking me up with this."
"I came into this experience with an open mind. Honestly. The reality of Ochakovskiy Kvass is that it's shockingly, revoltingly bad. And it won't even get you drunk. The fact that anyone might enjoy it is mind-boggling. Thanks to prototypic for the opportunity."
"As far as comparing extremely difficult styles to obtain that happen to be nothing alike, it is much more unique and exotic than Happoshu. I can't even remotely compare Kvass to any ""beer"" I've tried before. Happoshu was a different story. Despite its underwhelmingness, it is recommended simply for the experience."
"I really don't think that this is anything like a typical beer style so instead of using the typical standards I will focus more on how it matches up to the style and other examples of kvass. Overall, this is one of the better examples I have had of Kvass outside of Russia. It does seem a little bit sweet in taste, which is reflected in the smell. The apperance and mouthfeel are similar to pretty much every other Kvass I have had. The carbonation is pretty close, but I like my Kvass with just a little less carbonation. Just like almost every other example of this style, this Kvass has an incredible amount of drinkability. I could have quite a few of these in a row and just might."
"This was not something I would choose to drink often (even if I could choose it over soda) but I am definitely glad I tried it."
"Well it doesn't taste bad but it isn't something I would order instead of beer or a soda."
"Well, this is my first Kvass except for various softdrink versions of them, so I'm not exactly sure what to expect, so its a bit hard to review to style. Pours dark brown with some ruby highlights and almost no head. What head there is settles as the thinnest possible ring. Smells like rye bread and a touch of sourness. The taste is somewhat sweet, and somewhat sour. The sweetness is far less than the softdrink varieties of this stuff, and this is less malty tasting as well. Tastes more like rye bread with some butter and sugar and a bit of sour grain tossed in. Not unpleasant, but not like your average beer either. Still, I could drink this on a hot day, or with some Russian food. In fact, I prefer this to some Russian Euro-lager. Interesting to say the least. Fairly thin and refreshing."
"I'm glad I spent the 3 bucks at the Russian grocery store to try what's regarded as a true example of this style. Maybe it's flatter than it should be. Maybe I could use it as a reduction in some weird sauce. Maybe it could go with vanilla ice cream as a float? Naaahhh...maybe I'll just pour the whole deal down the drain and chalk it up to experience."
"Not a redeeming quality here except for the first pour. I am not sure if this is the beer, or the style or what, but this was totally undrinkable and I would not ever want to come across this again."
"Thanks to grandq for this one. It's a 16 oz tallboy can. It pours a dark brown with a thin tan head. The smell is really odd and very strong. It's reminding me of something that I just can't place. I pick up rye, molasses, and brown sugar candy. The taste is incredibly sweet, not much else. It is almost like a cola. It's full bodied. Overall, drinkability is low. I don't consider it a beer and it is just not for me."
"Poured a 16oz tallboy into my Tripel Karmeliet tulip. This beer pours a dark cola brown with a sizable, fish eyed white head and pretty active carbonation. Wow, the aroma is like a smack in the face. Rye and molasses. Straight up. It's actually really odd, but not necessarily in a bad way. The taste on the other hand is in a bad way. While I have no experience with the style and don't know if its supposed to taste like, I can't imagine want to drink this again. The flavor is like a cloying sweet cola without the sugar. Instead substitute the sugar for Sorghum molasses and saccharine. There is a definite herbal/medicinal quality to the beer too. The mouthfeel is like a light soda but has a sacchariney sweet mouth feel. Like I said earlier, I don't think I will be searching out another Kvass."
"Pours a dark brown with a minimal head. Smell is odd. Molasses and castor oil?? Sheesh. Flavor is: ack!! Yowzas. Sweet and weird to me. No real great levwel of complexity. Kind of like an odd cola (which is what grandq - the kvass king - has described it as). I'm not really even sure how to rate this it's so unusual. And this is my first foray into the style. Fairly smooth feel with a cola like carbonation. Thanks to grandq for the kvass hookup. Great to knock the style off the list, but I can't see myself going for this oddity again."
"Full bodied, fairly sweet, with no traces of alcohol. Very sweet, drinks like a soda, and is better than most. A very strange beer, but very nice."
"Anyways, this is dark brown with a small whisp of head that dies rather quickly. Aromas are all bready malt and caramel..Like rye bread raisin soda. Taste is great malty, sweet, and very filling (it's nutritous to boot). Drinkability for me is perfect. This is not a beer at all, but I love this stuff. I only generally drink water, tea, coffee, beer, wine, spirits, juice, and dairy (kefir, etc). This is the noly soda type beverage I drink and it is absolutely stellar hangover relief..."
"D- I like this beer with some qualities that make it almost like a cross between a wild ale and a dry cola. Interesting flavor and not sugary sweet like pop."
"Whadda ya know...they did have some ;)"
"Most kvass I've had has been from soda makers (even Coca Cola's made a foray into the Russian kvass market) but I understand this comes from Russia's second largest domestic brewer and as such this example is much less sweet than a lot of the brown plastic bottled versions. Recommended"
"it's available in multiple size plastic bottles, as well as in tall cans."
"With its sweetness it reminds me of German Malzbier, but it is not nearly as thick and syrupy as that. Refreshing and interesting, if a bit sweet, this is definitely a style I want to explore more; I would love to find a traditional example. I'll definitely try the other examples that are at the local eastern European market."
