review_text
"The taste makes you pucker at first but the after taste is a melange of the above aroma notes. Fun to try, don't know if I'd enjoy a whole bottle, though."
"Not one of my favorites. I guess I should stop messing with kvasses now."
"I can appreciate the history of the style, but it's definitely not my cup of tea. I guess I'm glad I tried it? I could choke down a pint...but no way in hell was I going to drink 33 oz. Poured down the drain after a few gulps. I don't need to needlessly deal with this torture."
"Overall- Well, I got my kvass tick, but don’t see myself exploring this style too much. Interesting none the less. Higher overall score, since it is so unique."
"Thanks to woodychandler and his Kvass Kick for this beer. Poured from a clear plastic 1 liter bottle. Has a cola like color with no head at all. Smell is of molasses, and rye. Taste is prettty good, rye up front, sweet molasses, a touch of raisin and spices. Feels sweet and syrupy in the mouth and overall is a decent brew."
"This was one flat drink! I poured as best I could to stir up some carbonation, but to no avail. Color was a coppery-brown with NE-quality clarity. Nose was really pungent with rye, akin to a loaf of bread fresh from the oven. Mouthfeel was medium with an initial taste of rye bread, but then giving over to a raisin sweetness on the tongue. The finish had an interesting sweet/sour quality to it as though neither of the previously noted flavors could really dominate. I imagine this to be pretty close to a traditional form of the style and it has to be one of my favorites thus far."
"Overall, this is another impressive kvas. It's the first one I've found that has no real carbonation to it, which is more traditional. Kvas was served flat until the 1980's when producers tried to fizz it up to help compete with western colas; and if you coma across a yellow tank on wheels in Russia (or blue or white in the Ukraine), it'll be serving flat kvas. Worth trying!"
"Cheers!"
"Lifeless feel with weak carbonation and cloying sweetness. Compared to other commercial Kvass, this is slightly more roasty/bready. Raisin, prune, and molasses flavors, with a mellow rye breadiness. Sweet like soda, somewhat astringent. Overall it's drinkable, but not something i'd seek out again. Pretty typical for a commercial kvass, on the lower end of the quality spectrum."
"The Kvass Kick rolls into the Ukraine with this, a smaller bottle than usual. It pours a clear amber-garnet topped by a minor wisp of off-white fizz. The nose comprises heavy caraway seed, fennel, rye bread, maple syrup, and walnuts. The taste focuses on the caraway and fennel, with some burnt maple syrup bubbling up from underneath to form a backbone of sorts. It's all kind of overwhelming, really. The body is a light medium, with a light fizzy carbonation and a thickly watery feel. Overall, this is one of the most underwhelming entries the Kick thus far. The flavors are just too much and too disjointed to really work right. This, coupled with a lighter-than-usual body, makes for a not-so-enjoyable kvass-drinking experience."
