review_text
""
"Overall, an interesting style, and I'd like to try other examples. On the sweet side, so not something I'd want to session, but once in a while it'd be nice. I assumed it was merely a malt beverage until I looked it up on BA, so I'm a bit embarrassed about drinking it in the car ride home!"
"Overall: a decent, middle-of-the-road kvass. Could be a little less sweet."
"I’m starting to learn that prepackaged kvass is all pretty much similar and middle-of-the-road. This one is no exception. Not a bad introduction but by all means try to find it fresh."
"500ml can. This one is a dark brown. It smells like sugar, and more sugar. The flavor is the same. Even sweeter than American soda I would say. just cloyingly sweet. 100ml is more than enough of this stuff. Diabetes in a can. This one is just waaay tooo sweet for me."
"Overall, this is bad news. You can tell this is an interesting style -- and a style with promise -- but this is not a good example of it."
"Taste was just awful. I tried, I really tried. Too much of a nasty bitterness to it, not the kind you get from hops. Weird sugarness to it. Definitely the most challenging style of 'beer' I've ever had, but this tasted nothing like any kind of beer I've ever had."
"Predominant raisin and rye bread aromas, maybe a little nutty walnut at times. Lightly tangy and sweet, almost a raisin bread soda. Mildly spicy with a brown sugar sweetness lingering. Light and easily quaffed, a bit too sweet to really have a bunch though. Overall not bad, nothing groundbreaking either."
"The Kvass Kick rolls on! This offering pours a hazy light amber with a short-lived wisp of a head. This thing is decidedly lighter in color than any other kvass up to this point. Not sure if that's good or not. The nose is the usual, though, comprising maple syrup, pumpernickel, and brown sugar. You can feel the sweetness in your teeth before it ever enters the mouth. The taste is very similar, with some fennel and sugar-coated walnuts thrown into the mix. I like this seeming addition of complexity. The body is a light medium, with a lightly fizzy carbonation and a light syrupy feel. Overall, a sort of oddity in my Kick, very sweet and bready, slightly off-putting but somehow drinkable nonetheless."
"The usual kvas aroma, which is bready, but also a tad yeasty this one. Light brown with a crowning white head, and lacing at the bottom of the glass. A bit above average mouthfeel. Sweet,carmel in there, but not as sweet as the other kvas products I have tried.Being of Lithuanian decent, I am proud to say this has been the best of several kvas products picked up at Yummy Market, the Russian supermarket in Toronto. A decent choice for a low alcohol beverage, 2.2%"
