review_text
""
""
""
""
""
"This pours a semi-clear, dark amber color with a fluffy beige head. The scent is mostly yeast and malts with no prelude of what to expect in the taste. The taste is a complex blend of yeast, citrus, malts, and bread that finishes with an ever so slight bitterness. There’s a lot going on here making it very tasty and enjoyable. It drinks smooth and has great volume. Quite well made."
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Didn't think there was as much caramel in this thing as many of the reviews mention it, the body and mouthfeel seem to be much lighter than a caramel reference. Just a lot of pale malt and noble hops maybe. A little cleanliness of the overall beer lets a little warming alcohol in."
"This poured out as a brown color, it had a good amount of clarity to it also. The head was foamy and tan in color. The lacing was decent but nothing too sticky on the glass. The smell of the beer had a good amount of malts on the nose and gave off some toasted caramel notes. The taste of the beer was sweet and had a nice lightly roasted finish to it. The mouthfeel of the beer had a medium body with a good carbonation to it. Overall this bock wasn't too bad but it wasn't one I needed to have again."
"Overall:I liked it. It is a very good heavy meal beer."
"Aroma was somewhat muted, not as strong as I would have thought. First impression was of a slightly cereal like graininess that was mixed in with a somewhat earthy, or grass like bite a touch of some banana like characters were noted. A touch of spice in the finish seemed to give it a little bite and helped to give it that little bit extra it needed to make it stand out. Some residual sweetness left over in the aftertaste lingered around for quite a few minutes before again being replaced by that earthy malt flavor"
"O: I like this beer. I find it to be well balanced and a solid effort."
"The beer pours a nice amber color with a thick frothy off-white head that slowly fades to lacing. The aroma is decent. It has a rich caramel scent along with a dry lager yeast aroma. The taste is decent as well. It has a smooth caramel malt flavor along with a lingering maltiness and dry finish. The mouthfeel is fine. It is a full bodied beer with adequate carbonation. This is an above average bock. I love the malty character. It's bold without being over the top."
"O- A decent bock, but nothing I would consider much above average. Something of a pedestrian effort unfortunately. That being said, I'd like to try it on tap because it seems like one of those beers that could be so much better on tap."
"Gorgeous pour, with creamy thick head and a glorious golden to amber color. Nose is on the lighter side for me with some toasty grain and a faint hint of herbal hops. Palate offers a nice malt forward sweetness with light hops to balance, some dry bread crusty qualities are there, and finishes like a big spoonful of grapenuts cereal (in a good way). Medium bodied, drinkable, but also the alcohol is a bit too forward, even within the bock style."
"Thanks to Grapeshops for the extra. Poured from 12oz bottle (no date stamp) into snifter glass. Pours a glassy, honey-colored orange. Spotty lace, minimal watery head. A pale malt with a very mild, spicy hop. Roasted malt aroma with a naughty splash of liqueur alcohol. The aroma is very light but good. A hint of roasted toffee flavor in the malt, with a conspicuous layer of alcohol. becomes more burnt, more bitter as it warms. Pale malt blooms at bit at the end. A smooth, buttery feel. A mild sting on the way down. A mild, roasted bock overall. Average bock IMO."
"The body is medium verging on full, and this is pretty robust. There's a nice, thick smoothness to it as well. The feel is actually pretty lush, the malts bringing out lots of smoothness and body and the hops adding a touch of dryness that doesn't detract."
"D - Overall, a very tasty and well balanced beer. Combinations of flavors works well together and are well balanced and complex. Pretty drinkable overall."
"The color was a hazy amber with a golden hue with loads of lace on the side of the glass. The smell of roasted malts and spice, along with other components that I couldn't put my finger on was evident. But, upon the first couple of sip's, I could taste the roasted malts, with a touch of sweet caramel, semi-sweet chocolate, coriander, rye and a hint of orange peel, I think. This is a complex Bock. Nicely balanced and a pleasant surprise."
"A nice ""loaner"" from Rubby this brew is a clear copper color with a modest off-white head and good lacing. The aroma is a solid malt and deep sweet licorice and bayberry. Wow! The flavor brings toasted malt and light licorice like the aroma suggested. I get some apple fruit sweetness and maybe a hint of toasted almond. Very solid with a solid medium body and smooth, silky feel, that offers good drinkability for the style. There's caramel and molasses to be found. Drink at room temperature to fully appreciate this one. A great brew that should win over most bock fans. Not sure where so many low BA ratings are coming from on this one. I liked this bock as much as any I've ever had, though I'll admit that this is no typical bock."
"Mouthfeel is a solid medium body, very chewy."
"There isn't really anything WRONG with this bock beer, but there's very little to recommend it over your good local offering (for me, Olde Mecklenburg) or a fine German import. A pity, but then again, I got it on the cheap."
"I only paid 4.99 for six of these, and at that price, I seriously like it. If I had paid more, I wouldn't be so overwhelmed, but you can't beat those numbers."
"I noticed in a few of the reviews people noted the alcohol was too prevalent. I didn't get too much at all. Solid bock. Recommend to others."
"Drinkability: Not too bad overall -- a nice spring beer with a great smell and flavor to accompany it; ultimately, the body isn't too heavy and the oily nature of it is the only real downfall that I came across with it; ABV is fairly moderate and I'd feel pretty good about getting through a couple of these in a sitting."
"Bought a six pack of this on sale for $4.99. Pours a lighter amber color with a thin off-white head. The aroma is mostly juicy malt, with some toasted bread and caramel qualities, along with green apples, coconut, and some mineraly and minty hops and a bit of alcohol. The flavor is a little less impressive than the aroma with some doughy bread notes upfront, along with some herbal and mineraly hops, ripe green apple, a little caramel and some booze. The mouthfeel is spot on for a maibock, and drinkability is good but not great due to the ABV."
"Red Tail from this brewery was once a great beer, about 12 years ago. But, the quality has slipped and all the Mendocino beers have become lower rung ""craft beer"" offerings. This bock is sickeningly sweet, like drinking several table spoons of dark brown sugar in syrupy, carbonated water. There are some sharp flavors and a grainy mouthfeel that recall some idea of decent beer, but just barely. The richness and slight sweetness of good bock is replaced here by nothing but extreme sweetness. It's tough to get one down and affords little reward for the effort, except the 7% ABV which may be the best characteristic of this beer. Many better bocks (almost any other bock is better) are available. Leave this one on the shelf."
"Really, a good beer...despite that freaky vulture."
"Would definitely have another one."
"drinkability is good - has plenty of flavor which some bock seem to lose"
"Overall a decent domestically brewed Bock. The scent of this beer was the highlight for me. After that, it just kinda went flat. Nothing bad, just not much to write home about. Glad I tried it though"
"Pours a slightly clear, lil murky gold hue. No head whatsoever. Faint malty aromas. Definitely smells a like a dark lager, very pleasing. I'm definitely tasting more lager than bock. The caramel and sweet notes are there but faintly. I kind of feel like that this is similar to Anderson Valley's Crema Cerveza, which I LOVE. This is definitely a great, refreshing beer. perfect to match with some heavy, even spicy foods. I'm not quite sure it achieved what it wanted, or what I wanted, from a bock. This is definitely somethig in between a lager and bock."
"D – Very drinkable. Great beer for pairing with rich food. Also a candidate for Das Boot."
"D - There is a lot of malt richness here, and the hops do a good job balancing it out and keeping the beer drinkable. Unfortunately, it is a bit rough and the alcohol shows through more that I would have expected it to. There is a cloying burnt toast character to the malt in the finish and the beer lacks the smooth and refined character that I want to see in a good lager. A nice try, but I wouldn't bother with this one again."
"Wow a 7.0% brew and a ""Bock"" no less. Never had a bock that I haven't enjoyed. Until now I see its an HG Bock. Let's give it a whirl. Upon opening the bottle smell is indeed malt. This smells like a dubbel or even a tripel. Some very dry but spicy hops linger in the background. Pours into a pint with a nice dark copper color and a thin head that is quickly gone. Taste is well, wow, sure this isn't a dubbel or a tripel? Very thick and almost syrupy. Sweet with only a hint of dry hops in the faint background. I could almost pour this on pancakes, I think. A good offering, a lager to knock off the socks. I like it for one, but for me too sweet, for more."
"D- Good and surprising, but not great- It's a nice change of pace but not much more"
"Not a style I tend to reach for, but a pretty decent beer."
"D: Drinkability, not on your life or your tongue. A horrible interpretation and struggle to finish. A drain pour. Perhaps the best thing about this was the label that read ""limited edition"" so it can only offend and disappoint a limited amount of people."
"A great example. If anything will make you a believer in pale bock this will. I'm not sure what more you could ask for, unless you don't like sweet beer. Give it a try, it might grow on you."
"This is a great brew if you're going for one or two, but the ABV and the heavy flavor will kill it for a session beer. I'm not a fan of fruity beers, but this one is very rich, malty and full bodied. It will stand against brown ales, stouts, and porters as a meaty ""he-man"" brew."
" Overall this beer is not bad, but it lacks any real depth or nice rich flavor. It is a mediocre beer that will do in a pinch."
"D-I could see enjoying a few of these from time to time....not a classic or anything like that but a nice little bock that is kind of a blend between a tradition doppelbock and regular maibock...."
"D: A lovely beer, not for the faint of heart, but easy to down--but recommended in limited quantities to avoid quaffing too much! Very classically German, and BALANCED...the key to bodacious brewing!"
"Aroma is the high point of this one. I wish some of the fruity apple esters from the nose could've carried over to the palate."
"Drinkability - a little too bitter, I imagine some aging could wait that out. The sixer disappeared readily enough, though."
"Pours a transparent amber/red color with a small white head that leaves some soapy sticking. Sweet candy apple, caramel, small whiffs of alcohol, toffee and subtle chocolate. Sweet in flavor but quickly drying on the finish, no real bitterness to note, very fruity and yeasty for the style. Medium/light mouthfeel, low carbonation, very drinkable. Overall this is a damn nice bock from the states."
"D -- This isn't a bad drinking beer, just not what I'd expect from a German-style Lager -- very ale-like in it's character. Maybe I found this too late in the season? I can't find any dating on the bottle."
"I'm a big fan of bocks and Mendocino, so I had high hopes for this beer. But there's something with the balance of this beer that I didn't love."
"Really nicely done with just a little bit of American attitude thrown into an otherwise very traditional German-style bock bier. Worth trying!"
"2009. 12oz served at about 55º. Pours a bright brown color with hues of amber when held to the light. Thin white head dissipates quickly. Aromas of sweet malts and caramel fill the nose. Mouth-feel is more syrupy than expected and actually pleasant on the palate. Tastes are of caramel and toasted grains with some faint hints of weak coffee. Finishes sweet and crisp. Very well brewed Bock!"
"Clean and easy-drinking, but hindered slightly by its somewhat lofty 7% ABV, which is not overly elevated but does serve as a hindrance to quaffing. Overall, though, a superb example of the Maibock/Helles Bock style, and a great, refreshing, and appropriate brew for the warm month that lends the style its name."
"I say it's pretty darn drinkable. In fact, it may be my choice for most drinkable from this brewerey. Pretty tasty."
"D: Too sweet for my tastebuds, but not cloyingly so and not entirely unexpected for the style."
"D - This bock is all over the place. Lighter amber color, rich smell and robust tastes with a lighter mouthfeel and 7.0% male this guy one hell of a beer. Like most bock beers though, its drinkability diminishes with each sip as the malty sweetness begins to get overwhelming."
"Drinkable but not... well, see above"
"Mouthfeel/Drinkability- Really creamy, very slick and viscous but light in the mouth... fantastic texture. A great example, enjoyable on this beautiful early Spring day."
"Pretty solid and very drinkable stuff. Gonna split some hairs here and say this seems to fit more of the Maibock style then just Bock?"
"Drinkability: Pretty good bock"
"The taste is similar, nice, raisiny alcohol, a bit spicey, with bread, bread crust, herbs, light toasty hint and light bitterness at the finish after the sweetness. It is moderately oily and full bodied with light carbonation, giving a nice feel to go along with the taste profile."
"D. Drinkability is excellent too. Getting hopped up on this beer makes me feel good inside. May be picking up a sixer of this."
"This beer pours a clear amber color. The head is half an inch in height, and recedes quickly into sparse lacing. The aroma is of caramel with no real complexity. The taste is like the aroma. It is pleasant, but nothing special. The mouthfeel is medium-full bodied with nice carbonation. Overall, this is a decent beer. I could drink it again, but there are so many better bocks out there that I won't be in a hurry."
"Mendocino Bock is a very clear light amber beer with an off-white head that fades. It has a slightly boozy, slightly sweet aroma. It is medium-light bodied with a smooth, slick finish. It's a little sweet, resiny, grainy and funky. Yeah, it's a Bock. I can't help but noticed that this was actually brewed by the folks at Saratoga. There goes the neighborhood."
"D: Pretty nice, although nothing amazing. I enjoy the maltiness and this is a solid all-around beer."
"D - I found this highly drinkable, I am enjoying it very much. Mendo Brewery calls this a bock, but I'm thinking it fits the maibock category better. I first had this on tap at the tap room in Hopland, CA, the original location in a brick building and the first brewpub in California. They have just installed a gravity pump cask ale system, but sadly, they had no beer for it when I was there."
"Drinkability: while at 7% alcohol, I probably wouldn't consider drinking the night away with a sixer of this, but the flavors are most enjoyable."
"This is a tasty and highly drinkable little brew. ABV is at 7% but you coulda fooled me with that fact. I'm a big fan of Mendocino and will be buying their brews for a very long time to come!"
"I'll buy this again.."
"Overall - Ok, I am not a fan. My taste buds were pissed off after this experience. No head retention? No lace? Didn't start off very good. The smell was pretty good. I was intrigued actually. After taking a sip, it became rather unpleasant. A 7% beer with prominent alcohol notes? Not good. Not completely horrible, I would not get it again though."
"D - This is very tasty. Has a fresh quality about it. You don't really notice the slightly higher (7%) ABV."
"A decent brew, but easily forgettable."
"Pours a light honey brown color with an average white head that settled into a light cap. The aroma is of a honey doughy malt, light apples, and some wine characteristics. The taste is of buttery crackers, apple skin and a nice earthy bitter malt that brings this brew to balance. The feel is slightly chewy with crisp carbonation finishes with that earthy hop bitterness. A solid bock, perhaps a touch oxidized."
"D - Although a bit on the sweet side, I have thoroughly enjoyed this beer, perhaps one of the better bocks I've come across. Though this will probably be my only encounter with this brew, it is highly enjoyable, and definitely worth picking up if you should see it."
"I poured this brew into my tumbler at 50 degrees. The beer had a nice lofty head that was slightly tan colored. The beer was kinda orange looking. The beer was sota fruity tasting with a distinct maltiness to it. Thick tasting. Head decayed quicly but lacing was great. I would buy again."
"A pretty solid bock beer, worth a try."
"this is the best mendocino beer i've had yet. (red tail ale was pretty good, eye of the hawk not for me at all.)"
"The touch of alcohol again in the taste, not strong just enough to get noticed. These really pushes towards dopplebock territory. Tasty malty sweetness that's almost fruity. Mildly rich. Smooth almost slick texture. Soft carbonation. Yet it all goes down easily with enjoyable lager feel and cleanliness. Above moderate feel. A bit dry for my liking. In the end it seemed a bit shallow and lost some of it's full body. Anyway, it was good and enjoyable and hit the spot tonight."
"A pretty straight-forward brew. Caramely, but with some balance and booziness. A nice enough sipper."
"There are displays of this stuff in more than one place in Total Wine so I figured I'd give it a try. Pours a dark gold or amber color with a thick foamy off-white head. A lot of lacing on the glass. Aroma is floral with bready malts and perhaps a touch of caramel but most of it is rather subtle. Medium-bodied, clean and refreshing. The flavor starts with some caramel malt with hops staying in the background. It finishes with a touch of bitter hops. Didn't wow with flavor but there's enough there to make it a solid beer. I didn't know what to expect with this and in the end I am pleased. Give it a try."
"Pours a three finger cream head that fades slowly, leaving a good lace. Almost clear amber color. Light carbonation and medium bodied. Slight hoppy nose. Flavor is burnt caramel with a somewhat bitter finish. $1.85 for a 12oz bottle from Colonial Spirits Acton, Ma."
"Poured a dark orange-cider like hue with one finger head that left a lace ring around the glass. Spring-like, earthy citric hops hit my nose and were mixed with caramel and some other light malts. The alochol is somewhat noticeable, giving this beer a little bit of an edge and a drying backbite. Still, I thought it was medium-bodied and a mix between smooth and sticky as it seemed to be a little syrupy. Good hop taste, definitely some lemon peel and other citric notes in the hops, along with caramal and something like cinammonesque as there was a sweet malt taste in this beer. Not the most complex bock out there but it has a little bit of everything for most drinkers and I could sit around and have a couple of these here and there."
"This was an unexpected find on the shelf at Winehaus in Seaside as Spring had turned to Summer. The beer is a full bodied malty lager with a goodly addition of hops. Dark gold with a tight head and a malty nose this beer is a great take on the style. Food friendly and easy to drink I wish more brewers would make Maibocks in the Spring as the shoulder season is often ignored."
"Even though I'm not doing handstands and cartwheels, Mendocino Bock Beer is one of the better offerings from a brewery that is responsible for some pretty lousy beer. Bottom line: one cloven hoof (most of the way) up."
"12 oz bottle: Pours a light amber color, clear, with a slightly off white/tan head that lingers at the top of the glass. Aroma is nice caramel malt texture, graininess, toffee, and just a really nice robust aroma. Taste is got a nice malt characteristic, some sweetness, going through the toffee, into a really nice finish. Palate is almost sweet on the lips, nice ad malty bitter on the tongue, and the finish is this lingering malty sweetness. Overall, I thought I wouldn't like this brew, but I'm really enjoying it. Cheers!"
"Drinkability: A reasonably respectable bock from dear old Mendocino."
"Overall, an excellent lager. Very flavorful and enjoyable. This would be an excellent beer to give to someone you want to bring into the world of craft beers."
"Poured a medium copper with a slight head that dropped quickly. A lot of rasin and plum in the nose. Taste is stronger than the aroma would suggest, full and rich in the mouth, with a nice bitter finish. Hoppy but no so much as to overwhelm the malt. A robust and pleasing beer. Very nice."
"A smooth, buttery feel. A mild sting on the way down. A mild, roasted bock. Not too bitter, but strong. A solid beer."
"This was a decent little Bock beer from Mendocino that has surprisingly full flavor and a easy drinkibility. I would imagine a couple of these would be quite refreshing on a warm, spring day."
""
"12oz. brown bottle served in a pilsner glass. Poured a gold/copper with a finger of off white head. Nice malty aroma with some caramel and a little noble hops. Medium bodied with a solid malt base. Slight hop bitterness to balance malt sweetness. A good American bock, malt is focused and not flabby. 7% ABV that you don't usually see in an American bock."
"The aroma is fruity apple. The taste is tart, sour apple followed by a bitter hop flavoring. The hop flavor is pretty bitter, but, not like a standard ale. The mouthfeel is very tart and has a decent amount of carbonation. The drinkability of this one is one at a time."
"A very nice beer and well worth seeking out. It's been some time since I had a Mendocino brew, I'll have to re-visit this brewery."
"Drinkability- Different angle for a bock, but pretty well done. Flavorful and nicely hopped."
"D - This was a pretty good bock."
"and then maybe 2 or 3 more."
"Mediocore..."
"Surprisingly full flavored. Overall it's the bready caramel malt that dominates this beer. However, there is a bit more hops than a traditional bock, but that is fine with me. I'll be drinking more of this seasonal."
"Amber in color-a tad darker then I thought it should be. Noble hop aroma-a bit over done, it could use more malt in the nose. Decent malt flavor with an even balance of hop bitterness. Has a good malty sweetness across the board with a slight bite in the finish. Good, full body that a heavy hand of malt provides. Very close the almost ""buttery softness"" I have found over in Germany. Very good and enjoyable overall."
"A very nice interpretation of a Maibock. Great looking, rocky, white head on the pour, plenty of lacing all the way down the glass. Smells of sweet Munich malts, esthery yeasts and caramel. A bit sweet is the only drawback. Very strong bock, extremely dry and crisp on the finish with few hops. I have always liked Mendocino beers and was extremely satisfied with this one."
"Nice medium body and very smooth mouthfeel, despite the alcohol. It loses points for drinkability because of its general weirdness in my eyes but retains its taste points for maintaining such a unique combination of flavors."
"Pours copper with a thin white hear,excellent retention,and lacing.Aroma is fruity,and malty. Body is medium,with some carbonation. Taste is bready,with a hoppy,fruity,edge as well.Some notes of honey in the finish?? ABV comes through nicely too. Very good."
"A very solid drinkiable bock."
"Good and solid, not one to turn down."
"Poured into a water goblet. Nice pale amber color with a good foam head, that dissipates very quickly to leave a thin ring for the rest of the session. The smell is the sweet malt and a faint alcohol on the nose. A touch of caramel in the aroma. Taste is a sweet caramel and a little unrefined sugars. The body is full and there is a slick coating in the aftertaste. There is a crisp afterbite, must be a touch of hops. This is one that I prefer to have a few per sitting."
"D- Drinks almost too smooth for a 7%ABV bock"
"What started off promising, ended up rather mediocre. Definitely better bock beers to be had this time of year."
"The drinkability is good, All in all a nice mai bock, Prosit, MK"
"Pretty much your standard malty beverage for the spring. Not too heavy, not too flavorless. A hearty bock for when it gets warmer. I feel this one is a good example. Well rounded with no off flavors. Certainly not Shiner Bock, the King of the Macro Bock. Recommended."
"This is a solid version in every way. It's not particularly intricate nor complex, just a basic right-on-the-money rendition. And I like it more because of that fact."
"12oz bottle poured into a pint glass. Pours a clear copper color with an off-white head that leaves a good amount of lacing around the glass. The aroma is sweet and malty with some caramel and toffee as well. Much like the aroma, the taste has a good dose of malts and caramel with a pleasantly hop finish that fits in perfectly. The mouthfeel is medium bodied and pretty smooth. Overall, this is a well crafted bock that I enjoyed. I wouldn't mind purchasing this one again. Recommended."
"Nice drinkability for a bock beer particularly if you like them hoppy. Probably will get more complex as this ages and the hop tone down a bit."
"This is a wonderful (IMHO) take on the traditional German Bock style. The best americanized version I can remember having in a long time. 7.0ABV listed on the bottle so a couple go the distance for me. Just wish I had bought more. I'm down to about 3 sixes having shared a few and enjoyed the rest."
"D - Pretty good, I had to buy this in a six, and I am not sad about that. I look forward to the other bottles."
"D - Probably a very good bock, but is borderline cider for my tastes. A really good complement to this batch would be to add belgian yeast for a golden belgian. The yeast should offset the sweetness with some sour."
"Drinkability- Very drinkable even with a considerable amount of alcohol. This very well could be my favourite traditional bock out of America. This one will have to have a head to head with Penn's St. Nik bock for the final verdict."
"Pretty light colored for a bock, pretty bitter as well. Not a bad tasting beer, but not overly true to style with the bitter thing and paler color going on. That said, some head and lace. Decent body. Bitter aftertaste. Not sure Ilike that so much. Carbonated 'bout right."
"Not as rich and malty as I expected, but rather it has more noble hop characteristics. It works, though, and it's a nice drinker and a good solid brew all around. Very drinkable beer and a pleasant surprise that's certainly worth a try."
"drinkability: pretty good"
"Final Note: a delicious seasonal at a good price, get it while you can."
"From a 12 oz bottle this poured a clear and dark orange color with an off-white head and light lacing rings. Nose is of caramel malts and fruity and floral hops. Mouthfeel is medium and smooth on the tongue. Flavor is slightly sweet, with a light bitter finish that overall ends up delivering a very enjoyable and quite drinkable brew."
