review_text
""
""
""
""
"This is the first of six beers I have tried from a collection of beers I bought called the American Collection. I bought this sampler here in Germany. I also thought it was strange that this beer was made in Wisconsin.This beer doesn’t represent the USA well. It is not much of a bock the flavor doesn’t finish like one. It has a very basic aroma that is a lot like an American adjunct lager. The body is medium with an average amount of bite. There is a small amount of bitterness and carapils sweetness."
""
""
""
""
"D - A touch too sweet, and the super thin body is too light on the palate."
"Drinkability: Good, sweet but not cloying and just enough complexity to entertain the palate for a while."
"Sold as part of a ""History of Beer"" pack gifted to me by my Aunt. Well...it doesn't taste like a bock. Pours with a 1-finger head, reduces to nothing, lacing is average, color is clear caramel-brown. Aroma of dark malts, caramel, some wet leather. Taste can be described the same. Slight sting on the palate, sweet malty aftertaste. Nothing special, yet highly drinkable for a dark (watery) session beer."
"Reddish brown with a finger of dense tan foam that leaves some nice lace on the glass. Roasty and earthy malt with a little bit of caramel in the nose. Caramel and roasty black malt flavors are okay but are too diluted. Finishes squeaky clean. Tejas is way too watery and light bodied to be a really good example of the style. A pretty boring beer."
"This was part of a gift box. Poured from a bottle to a pint glass. Produced an off white foamy two finger head that faded to a short head that hung around for quite some time. It has a light red with good carbonation. Smells of roasted carmel malts and a little coppery. Tastes pretty sweet and grainy with a little hop finish. Not a clean or well balanced flavor. It has a watery light bodied mouthfeel."
"I did not enjoy this beer. I really wonder if this is even brewed with a lager yeast. Sure doesn't taste like any bock I've ever had, and the fruity esters make me think this was either brewed with an ale yeast or at too high a temp. In the end it doesn't matter. It's simply bad, uninspired beer."
"deep coppery red with an adequately foamy head. smell is of weak malts. taste is overall pretty bland, but with notes of roastiness from the black malts, some caramel, fruitiness, and the same diacetyl taste that is in all the other 'beers of america', though slightly toned down. it has a light mouthfeel that is easy to drink. i would drink this stuff again, and would possibly buy one if nothing else were available."
"All in all, I found Tejas to be dull, boring, and just flat out weak! ~"
"D: This is one of the most un-beerlike beers I've ever tasted. I really don't know what to think of it, but I don't think I'll have another."
"Notes: This was a rather bland beer and it had very similar flavors to all the other beers in the mixed pack. The best part of this 18 pack is the book that came with it."
"Bottle poured into a pills glass produced a finger worth of fluffy white head on top of a light brown body. You get aromas of bread, assorted grains and a little bit of a sour note in there as well. Wow, for a cheap brew the flavor is ok. Rather sweet malts, a little roasted malt throw in as well. It is light and crisp in your mouth and rather refreshing. I would drink another one of these if I was thirsty. Not a bad brew for the price"
"Twist off cap bottle poured a crystal clear honey amber with a short lived 1"" head in an Ommegang goblet. Aroma of caramelized malt, a bit of cooked vegetables, and no hops to speak of. Aroma was rather weak overall. Taste was also a bit bland. Very clean and crisp, but I attribute that to the lack of taste in the first place. I did find some sweetness and some metallic tones though. Probably won't want this again."
"Notes from and tasted on: 5/20/09"
"Drinkability: What can be said about this beer? It's a lower flavor, easy drinking beer. As with the other beers I have had out of this mixed sampler its a low flavor, low scent, easy drinker. Unfortunately, this mediocre beer is about the best of the bunch IMO. However, there are WAY better bocks to be had, go try them."
"D= average. There's just nothing good about this beer. Its all average or just bad"
"D: I guess its drinkable, but I really can't peg if this beer is good or not. Will I drink the other 3? Probably. Won't be pumped about it, but I'll drink it. Whatever."
"Another beer from the sampler pack made by MDII Rochester, NY. Once again the book and the tin case were the best part of this sampler pack. A copper/amber color. Thick white head that disappeared quickly. A weak aroma. A woody/caramel taste. Not my first choice when it comes to bock beers but would drink it again. If somebody else buys."
"Dark brown in color with very little sign of the off-white head and hints of some lace. As advertized it smells of caramel and malt, but not much else to note. Finely carbonated, fairly thin but the taste is a nice caramel charcoal deal. Very smooth, very drinkable. There's a touch of something almost bourbon-like, but that's a stretch. It's not bad, an interesting version of bock."
"Drinkability: I'm being generous with my rating. Flavors, scents and body are all on the light side, but the beer is refreshing."
"12oz bottle pour a clear copper amber body with a small beige head. Some patchy lacing is left behind on the glass. Aroma is lacking, just a hint of toffee and spicy hop.Light body is crisply carbonated. Taste is subtle. Some restrained toffee maltiness and spicy hop bitterness. Not much here but it's easily drinkable. More of a Michelob amber than any other bock."
"This wasn't horrible, but as far as bocks go, there are so many better ones out there, that I wouldn't give this one a second look."
"Drinkability: Much like the other offerings from this brewery, mehh. Not a drain pour, but not really that good."
"Pours a thin brown color with a weak head, The aroma is caramel and bready malt but not very strong at all. The taste is a weak sweet caramel malt. Mouthfeel thin. There's nothing really unpleasant about the beer, but it's weak and uninspiring as a bock."
"Good mouth feel and very drinkable. I don't know that I'd go out looking for this brew, but I could certainly kick back and drink a half a dozen or so."
"D-pretty drinkable considering,just not one I would recommened,not worth the wasted stomache space"
"I am slightly uncomfortable with the points I am tagging this with -- I am scoring against the 'style' and that is why it is below average. (If this were say in the dark lager category, I'd probably be adding another 1/2 to a full point. It's a pretty decent beer in a non-style driven generic way.)"
"Taste is very...watery, very thin, light malt presence, hardly any hop bitterness. Lots of carbonation. Price is about the BMC level, so it could easily be an alternative to them, since as it goes down easily."
"D = This is not the most pleasant tasting beer I've ever had, but it is not really bad and would be a better beer than a lot of the American lagers that are so often chosen."
"D - Disappointing. This is about as much a bock as Amber Bock is in that it's lightly toasty, but bland."
"From the Beers of America 18 ct variety pack, this one pours a decent looking copper, not a bad start, but nothing exceptional either. It's got an off-white head initially, but this quickly dissipates. The nose is pretty mild, primarily malt, but no discernible hops, which I found unusual. The flavor turned out to be like the nose, primarily malt, a bit sweet and some nuttiness, but again, little to no hop flavor. Mouthfeel wasn't so hot - it's pretty thin like the rest of the beers in the pack, other than the porter. Drinkability isn't bad, considering its relative blandness, but I think Beer Advocates hold their brews to a higher standard and shouldn't accept something this generic. This one was pretty damn mediocre, much like the rest of the Beers of America. Don't waste your time."
"This beer had a nice coppery-brown color, but the body could have been a little more. This seems to be one of the better of the gift pack, but I would not go looking for it after these are gone."
"D - Barely finished. With little carbonation keeping it together it came across as a flat bitter lager rather that a robust malty Bock!"
"Clear dark copper pour, off-white head that drops to a skim pretty quickly. Smell is a tiny touch of malt, and little else. Taste does not live up to the label's claims, but is clean and inoffensive, with a one-note cookie-like malt flavor. Mouthfeel is a real letdown, as well. Not worth drinking."
"Very smooth yet way to light of palate, no flavor lingers at all. No need to cleanse your palate after this beer."
"I got this in one of those beers across America packs at BJs. It is probably one of the better ones in the mix. I thought of one beer from the first sip. I keep thinking of shiner bock, but its been awhile since i have last had shiner bock. There is a malty/caramel after taste to this beer.The smell and mouthfeel seem pretty standard. It doesn't appear to have a high alcohol level in this, so it seems like it could be a good session beer."
"D - This is a decent drinking beer. This could be a good one to drink cold on a hot day."
"All in all a good enough beer for drinking from a mix pack like this but nothing I would seek out."
"Taste is a tad watery, with a grainy finish and a hint of metal again. I'd heard a few good things about this beer, but in the end it's a bit of a letdown. Bocks are supposed to be a strong, hearty beer for strong hearty men, but this one seems like a bock for the castrati."
"Cheers"
"Slightly thicker than I anticipated. Remains on the tongue, but doesn't overstay its welcome. Minor ashy feel at the end. It's a very decent brew. Light enough to have a few, but dark enough to give some depth. Solid."
"This is an easy sipping bock that does Minhas proud, even if its origins are fairly obscure."
"Part of the beers of America pack. This one is not too bad, but there's just not much there. Some roasted flavors but nothing too substantial. The booklet describing the beers is pretty interesting."
"Tejas is a Native American word meaning 'friends' and was the inspiration for the naming of the Lone Star State. Tejas, the beer, is a friendly sort of bock, but it isn't one that I care to drink again. While it might be a refresher on the hot, dusty plains of West Texas, it isn't as big or as fortifying as I like my bocks to be."
"Tejas was a dark amber color with a light tan head. The head was short, but sticks around a while, leaving a little lacing behind. The aroma was fairly light, but was mostly malt. The taste was mostly malt as well, with some roasted flavor. It had a medium body with good carbonation. The drinkability is good. Overall it's an above average brew."
"Taste starts with plum and apricot ripe fruits and moves into a chocolately caramel bock malt that gives way to a really pleasant spicy, smokey ending. Solid, but it lacks the chocoately sweet high or spice complexity of a great bock."
"D - It is drinkable. I sampled Tejas as a part of the Beers of America gift pack and I thought it was the best of the lot."
"Pours a light copper with a small tan-like head that didn't last long. Very clear. Light malt aroma. Nice malt flavor, balanced on the malty side with enough hops that it isn't too sweet. Tastes more along the lines of an Octoberfest than a Bock. My guess is this beer has been ""dummed"" down and kept lighter bodied for the masses. Not a bad beer, but it isn't a bock."
"This one was hard to finish. Just so bland it was like drinking cardboard. Flavors and aromas are lacking and the beer is tinted with an odd overall flavor. No thank you."
"Pretty decent taste, nothing outstanding though. The beer is good, just nothing that I would buy again. It just seems that there is something missing."
"THis beer pours a translucent brown with not much of a head or lace. The smell is of barley and probably some corn. It tasted kind of like budweiser with less corn and a little more sweetness. The mouthfeel is thin with some good carbonation. Overall its kind of like a darker budweiser. I'm not too impressed."
"Pours deep mahogany color color with a modest light cream colored head over top that is maintained by a nice cascade of bubbles. Nose is sweet caramel with a light roasted malt background, but mostly just sweet caramel. Flavor is a decent balance between the sweetness from caramel malts and a lighter touch of roastyness to give it an almost toasty character. Feel is a rather full moderate with a solid carbonation. A pretty easy drinking beer overall. There is just something about this beer that does not sit well with me. The sweetness almost seems chemical, like its fake. It's interesting."
"Not good... but not bad."
"Mouthfeel is light and crisp with a bit of creaminess. Quite smooth and easy to drink...but it's really nothing special. I can't see myself going back to this really. Still it's an easy drinking brew and pretty refreshing."
"Taste: Exceedingly creamy, each sip seems like it's bursting into foam. Feels heavy in the mouth, yet a bit dry. Toasty malt and a small amount of leafy hop presence vanish to leave a fairly flavorless finish. Hints of leather. The dryness level of this is odd for a bock. There's a lot of ""substance", like draft guinness used to have, but without much flavor."
"THE BLOODHOUND FACTOR: Benji was real hip to this one. Got right in there and lapped it all up. Good dog."
"The beer pours an amber color with a thick frothy offwhite head that slowly fades to lacing. The aroma is good. It has a light, yet mildly malty scent that boasts of crystal and Carapils malts. It's fruity with a nice lager yeast aroma. The taste is decent. It has a smooth, malty flavor that is light and easy drinking. It goes down easy and finishes dry with some residual sweetness. The mouthfeel is fine. It is a low bodied beer with good carbonation. This is a decent bock beer. I like the aroma as well as the flavor; a fine drinker."
"-Oelergud"
"Selection fro the American Beer History collection purchased from Wegeman's. Poured a moderate amber color with modest white head. Smell is slight with a touch of caramel to be found. Taste provides some roasted malt notes, but very little. Finish is more malt. Nothing in the hops department. A middle of the road beer."
"Overall: Eh, this is not bad, but it's very, very average. You're not going to spit it out, but it's not exciting, either."
"This was part of a ""Beers of America"" twelve pack. The Tejas poured a big, fat sand colored head of medium bubbles which had fairly good staying power. Light copper in appearance with minimal rising carbonation bubbles. It smells of soft malt, and not much else. The body is thin, light, not much in the way of hops, or malt. Not much happening at all with this beer. Definitely not in keeping with the Bock style. I would pass along the second bottle."
"Halfway throug my 12 pack I would have to say avoid this one. They are not gross, just not worth the price."
"Smells and tastes of malts. Malts. Malts. Did I say malts? It goes down fine, I can see roasty caramel, but that's it. A one note beer. Mouthfeel (called creamy on the label) is closer to thin than creamy. OK, this isn't a bad terrible beer, but there's not much to make me want to drink the other one sitting in my fridge right now..."
"Pours an amber color with a small brown head that dies off quickly and doesn't leave any lacing on the glass. The aroma has a caramel malt character and some sweetness. The flavor is nice and malty with some bready character. The mouthfeel is way thin, but drinkability is ok."
"Given the name of this beer I expected it to be a homage or imitation of Texas' own Shiner Bock. Instead I found an interesting take on the bock style."
"An excellent aroma is this bock strongest point. Fairly hearty and rich. Brewed with Carapils, Brewer's two row, caramel and black malts- it has a malty nose. I found this Wisconsin Bock interesting. Being new at this beer style I have tasted nothing to compare it with. Ingredients seem well blended I found it smooth with a clean finish. Ahaaa the AROMA! It keeps calling me Bock"
"Pours a dark brown color, still has translucency, but for a bock beer this is pretty dark. Smells lightly malty , with some hints of dough. Taste is plenty malty for a Bock beer, not much of a hops taste, just Slightly-coffee tasting malt. Good drinkability, best when it warms a little."
