review_text
""
"O: This isn't necessarily an outstanding beer, but it has its good points. Bumpy in spots, but drinkable."
"Overall: Bocks are starting to be an awesome style. This one is borderline doppelbock, but still a good bock. I like it a lot"
"The normal stuff down, let's take on the other bottle from the gift set, eh? It pours a clear topaz-garnet topped by a half-finger at best of off-cream foam. The nose comprises dry caramel, mild maple syrup, light flowers, and a touch of straight barley for effect. The taste brings in more of the same, though a distinct vein of mild stonefruits makes it way through the din every now and again. The body is a light-leaning medium, with a light moderate carbonation and a mostly fluid feel. Overall, a nice little bock, nothing special, but dig-able."
"Very good bock. Complex and flavorful, I almos felt like eating prunes and figs, but still with some refreshing hops not to make it a sugar bomb. Ps. It ages well."
""
""
"the tase is heavy, very sweet caramel toffe with a roasted bitter finish."
""
""
""
"Could use a little more carbonation, body is overly syrupy."
"O: The unfiltered and unpasteurized nature of this beer lends some complexities to the taste and makes this an interesting beer to sample. I found the drinkability to be a lot better compared to other beers in this style, especially since it wasn’t as full-bodied or malty compared to other bocks. The alcohol is also well hidden from the taste."
""
""
""
""
"O: disappointing; couldn't finish it; too penetrant."
"O- Bocks are new to me but this one really seems to be missing something."
"Hazy with little head. Bottle is a swing-top and opens to little fanfare. Smell is malty and yeasty with light raison notes. The taste is yeasty with milk chocolate, dates and raisons. The mouthfeel is sticky and slightly… well.. chewy. Finishes sticky with nice lingering yeasty date flavor. A good beer but not my favorite bock."
"Deep mahogany colour, it's tan coloured head is thin, poorly retained, and doesn't lace. Very light cloudiness. Mild dried fruit and mixed nuts aroma, a little bit of brown sugar too. Sweet and malty flavour with toasted whole-grain bread and plum notes. Mild hop bitterness in the finish. Not very flavourful. Light bodied with low carbonation. Feels smooth but thin. One and done."
"Mouthfeel is light bodied with medium carbonation. Some warmth from the booze. Pretty lackluster."
"Overall - I was really disappointed in the look of this beer. It was completely lifeless. The taste started out a little harsh but in the end the flavour wasn't half bad. It's a decent winter warmer/sipper - I wouldn't buy this one again however."
"Poured a murky burgundy, unfilitered and almost resembled prune juice. Finger or so of creamy, mocha head. No lace and mild retention. Nose has some earthy and toffee malts, hints of smoke, lots of grape juice; sugary and sweet. Taste has more malt, yet some drying bitterness from some mild hopping (I'll guess). A bit of some awkward interplay between the components and almost vinous in some aspect (not in a completely positive way). Slight note of alcohol in the midmouth. Sweet and sticky yet dry in the finish. Decent mouthfeel, with medium body and carbonation. Alright overall."
"The mouthfeel is nice and creamy, with a tangy sour bite on the back of the tongue. Goes down remarkably well given the ABV, though it was slow to get started. I'll revisit an aged one next year."
"D: Well this is quite the malt bomb. A good bedtime sipper but not one that's easily consumed. Very bready and rich."
"Overall despite the ho-hum aroma, this is a flavorful beer if not one I'd go out of my way to repeat."
"Bottle: Poured a cloudy deep brown color ale with a medium foamy head with medium retention and some lacing. Aroma of heavily caramelized malt with light brown sugar notes. Taste is also dominated by heavy caramel malt with notes of brown sugar and more residual sugar then I had expected. Body is quite full with medium carbonation and no apparent alcohol. Heavier and sweeter then expected though still very enjoyable."
"Drinkability - I simply picked this beer up on a ""nice bottle"" appearance and quite happy it turned out. this is a nice winter beer that offers a well balanced taste."
"D - Very nice bock here. Nothing wrong at all and I could have a few regardless of the abv. I can't tell it's so high, masked well. Delicious."
"D: Honestly, with the sweetness/heaviness, I can't see having more than one of these plus the flavour is just not that interesting."
"D - I would never purchase this one again. Perhaps it's average for the style, but I just wasn't a fan of it. I don't want to be too harsh, because it does offer flavours consistent with the style, but I struggled with it and ended up pouring some out."
"D: Interesting bock. I'd buy it again."
"Worth a try, but not really memorable."
"A decent bock, but not nearly as good as others I've sampled this year, nor is it the best from this brewer (I enjoyed their Nobel a great deal). There wasn't anything offensive about it, it drank pretty well, but it wasn't fantastic."
"Overall, a decent bock but not one I would consider buying again. It possesses most of the staple characteristics of the style but nothing stands out that would make me want to grab this bock from another one the shelf. At the same time, I liked the pronounced grassy feel in the finish that I haven't really experienced in other interpretations of the style before. Maybe it was the low carbonation that made it really stick out? In the end, I'd say it's worth a try, but a try is all I will give this. That nifty swing-top bottle won't entice me again."
"Pours a cloudy reddish-brown into a snifter with half a finger of creamy off-white head. Aroma is a mixture of bread and toffee with hints of fruit and fusel alcohol on deep whiffs. Big on caramel/toffee malt up front, with bread, raisins, and perceptible booziness. I thought this beer would finish much sweeter, but it was suprisingly crisp with a light bitterness. Creamy mouthfeel, a tad chewy, but nice. This is definitely not one of those high ABV beers that seemingly completely hides its strength, but it is a decent sipper, although pales in comparison to most others in its bracket."
"Pours a murky amber-brown colour with thin white head. Faint hints of lacing and poor head retention. Smells of raisin, cherry and sweet brown sugar. Some small alcohol notes. Flavour is boozy and sweet. Carbonation level is a bit low, thin body. Ok beer, just a little bit too boozy."
"Munich and Vienna malts are a brewer's best friends - I've never met a single beer drinker who doesn't love the toasty, grainy, lightly spicy and tremendously rich flavour of these German malts. Likewise, people are easily astonished by the amount of fruity, zesty intensity and complexity inspired by phenolic and ester-y yeasts. Combine the two and you have one seriously distinctive, easily agreeable and highly impressionable beer."
"Poured a light brown colour with hints of amber coming through, no head or lacing at all. It smells of malt, dark fruit and caramel with a touch of alcohol. Its very sweet up front but opened up to reveal a alcohol burn with a dry finish, not bad i guess. Its quite syrupy and feels quite thick on the palate. Overall I thought this was OK. Most Christoffel beers are decent at best and this is one of them."
"Overall a solid offering."
"I tried this beer on January 16, 2008 at ""Smokeless Joe's"" in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The beer poured a dark reddish brown with a thin tan-coloured head. The aroma was sweet malt, and candy sugar. The mouthfeel was medium-bodied with medium carbonation. The flavour was malty, slightly grassy, with a bitter finish."
"Great winter bock and my second favorite offering from this great artisan lager brewer."
"Poured a deep chesnut brown with a half finger off white head that is quick to vanish leaving no lace bhind.A nice mix of roasted chesnut,dark fruit,and leafy hop in the nose,everything seems to meld well together.There are some good malt accented flavors but it seems to be missing something,roasted nuts along with some raisin flavors start out well, but it seems to have an abrubt ending,not as chewey as I would like either.Its not a bad Bock beer, it just needs something in the finish to make it complete."
"Draught at Churckey. Black with just a bit of light sneaking through, small light tan head that rapidly disappears leaving slight lacing. Aroma of feet in sweatsocks - very odd. Taste is much more pleasant, starting with burnt caramel and progressing to raisins and coffee with a hint of dark fruit. Decent enough."
"D: No go. I have a problem with the sugar content."
"Overall: This is a very simple brew in terms of flavors. Not too much present, but very drinkable. Almost a session beer. Simply the best as I often say. One of the better bock beer we tried during our bock-beer-taste evening."
"D - A decent bock - nothing super special but good."
"D: Very drinkable boch; good flavor and balanced."
"Maybe it was beacuse I was drinking this out of a long and rather tall glass, the beer dissapeared on me. The slight cinamon (and realy that is all you need to make a noticeable impression) drew me in from the first sip and would not let me go even after the last drop was gone."
"Conclusion: A nice Dopplebock with wonderful aroma and nice fruit-forward flavors. The dark fruit, sweet dark malt, and hoppy finish are balanced together wonderfully; my only real complaint here is that I wish there was just a little more carbonation/slightly heartier mouthfeel. Overall, another great beer from Christoffel."
"Again the bottle size does put me off, and I feel that it would be better with toned down earthiness, but I was glad to give this one a go."
"Thanks Bobsy!"
"Drinkability: This is a good beer and a good bock. You could definately drink this with a meal, or just while hanging out. If you can find it, it's worth checking out."
"Pours a dark colour with some whitish head. Sweet aroma. Malty sweety bock,creamy choc cocoa milky caramel mouthfeel.Sugar present, maybe a bit of roast. Fine one, but one dimensional sweet. High alcohol. Dessert for supper really, but good to try this rare one."
"A solid example, and an enjoyable beer."
"It goes towards a German bock, instead of a Dutch bock."
"Sampled @ the bokbierdag in Zutphen. New bock in 2005 and liking the Blond so much made me sample this one as a 2 beer that day. Nice head and a dark brown and clear beer. Nose is some caramel malt and lots of old vegetables. Hardly any yeastarome but missing most the great hopnose the blond has. Taste is good giving sweet caramellic taste without having the feeling it is sweetened and some hoppiness. IMO missing a litle roast and hops to make it into a good one but taste is quiet clean. Unfresh nose is IMO the only problem with this brew as it is further ok having good carbonisation and a blanced taste. Well drinkable and certainly one of the better dutch bokbeers."
