review_text
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Ultimately this turned out to be a beer pulled in opposite directions, and I am unclear which way the brewers intended it. But it appears to be an infected barrel with a bunch of oxidation from either that same barreling or from the age on this corked bottle."
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Overall I'd have this again and again if I could, sad that its retired, may have to go back for another bottle. It was hard enough deciding on this or Curieux!."
"750ml bottle: 2006 vintage. This one pours a fairly clear, ruby tinged amber color. There was a bit of a tan head on it, but it didn't linger long, nor leave any lacing. The aroma is nice. There is a fair amount of the oak in the initial nose. Lots of other aromas in there: fruits, bread, caramel, faint spice, maybe some peat. The taste is quite good. It is quite complex and starts a touch sweet, but there is a bit of caramel, fruits and smokiness on top. There is a bit of oakiness there also, as well as a slight bitterness to the finish. Almost a bit of a port wine characteristic to it also. Very Nice!"
"Musette is smooth and creamy with a medium body and surprisingly light carbonation. Complex and not muddled despite the myriad of flavors, this beer is thoroughly enjoyable, and I look forward to finding it again."
"The body was nicely full and well-rounded without being heavy. Drinkability was very good, and this isn't one of my more favorite styles. Overall, a very good beer that's worth seeking out."
"I'll never be a great lover of this style, but by jove, this one is nice and mellow. Alcohol is well-hidden and the flavours are well-integrated."
"D: A great drinker, considering its weight."
"M/D - Very much so enjoyed this brew, this one started out pretty good cold but really after some time in the room temperature like maybe a half hour to 45 minutes, the flavors really came out. Love to try the brew fresh, very lucky though to try this one with a couple of years on it. Will keep this brew on the radar for the future. A must try for anyone that likes the style"
"D: not too bad"
"Good mouthfeel, not thick or syrupy. Very balanced. A little sweet to have one after the other. But very drinkable despite the alcohol being 10% . Had this one for about a year and a half. Get a bottle, save it, or drink it. it ages very well."
"I really enjoyed this beer. It's rich, soft, and very smooth with the 10% very well hidden. I would definately buy this if I saw it again."
"Medium-bodied, but the tartness gives it a very dry feel. Overall a good beer."
"The Kings Of Hop"
"Smooth and easy drinking. Delicious beer. It's drinking very well."
"While this one started out positively and still ended well, I'll add that in the realm of Wee Heavy's this one is on the 'lighter' end of the scale. I enjoy mine a bit more bold, generally, but this one is sure easy to drink. This would be a good one for me to have on hand, for just drinking, if Allagash were available in Oklahoma."
"Overall, I sat on this beer for over a year, and I don't think it's any better for it."
"D: Really nice. Didn't know to expect going in to this one but I got a pleasant surprise. A belgian inspired wee heavy? Why not."
"Drinkability was good. I am a hophead, but sometimes you want to ease up a bit. This was a great diversion."
"Medium body, needed a bit more complexity and density to turn into a great beer, but still makes for a very nice late night drink."
"D: Nice smoke. Good beer."
"Probably the least complex beer I've had from Allagash. An interesting take on Scotch ale though."
"Splitting this with the wife, but I think, given no place to go tomorrow, I could take down the entire bomber. I don't cotton much to bombers in this high-falutin' price range, but I'm very glad I tried this. Excellent beer!"
"Mouthfeel is med-light, crisp carbonation. Dry."
"Overall this is a very interesting beer, but I'd rank a few other Allagash beers ahead of it. Worth a shot, just don't expect a Wee Heavy."
"Drinkability: They may call it a scotch ale, but it is definitely still a belgian. It is a good beer, but the other two in the series (Curieux and Odyssey) easily beat it out. But for many, many brewers, this could easily be their top beer. A touch of heat, but nothing like curieux's bourbon heat. I will age the latter but not the former. Not what I was expecting given the bagpipes - not a hint of peat or scotch."
"taste is creamy, grain, some caramel, some malt, barley, and some spice in the back, becomes thicker as it warms."
"HV"
"D: An drink that was very easy going down and easy to enjoy. The abv is nicely hidden behind a sweet malting."
"Pours a dark plum color with a slight red tint. Aroma is dominated by scotch but also has hints of chocolate and dark fruit. Very strong scotch presence with tastes of dark fruit, vanilla and butterscotch."
"Another very good Allagash beer"
"Pours a dark reddish brown with a one-finger brownish white head that collared nicely. Aroma is of malt, brown sugar and very fruity. Taste is brandy-like but smooth. On the sweet side but also remindes me of a Belgium-ale. Mouthfeel is carbonated and thick, although not syrupy. This beer is a little on the sweet side but the taste is outstanding. Highly recommended and an excellent session beer."
"Again, it was better than decent, not quite good."
"The aroma is very fruity with apples and pears being the most prominent. There is also a butterscotch element as well as toasted malt and caramel. The appearance is hazy purple/brown with a two finger head. The flavor is like the aroma with only a trace of oak barrels. The palate is sticky but a little thin with an astringent bitter finish. Overall a really good beer."
"Fours across the board on this one. Poured up a lovely red bronze colour with a finger and a half sand coloured foamy head. Very attractive. Smell is sweet, toasted grains, some fresh fruit (sliced pears, maybe / perhaps some figs), some earthy hops, and alcohol. A nice mix of aromas in this one. Taste is well balanced with pleasantly sweet malts up front giving way to delightfully bitter hops on the finish. All the while, the mouthfeel is pleasantly thick and ""coating"". A wonderfully crafted, immensely flavourful offering from Allagash perfect for sipping on chilly evenings. Recommended, for sure"
"D - Very easy to drink, especially considering the ABV."
"Pours a hazy deep copper color, with a off white head. In the aroma, oaky almost nutty, small vanilla, hints a dark fruits. In the taste, dark fruits, figs and prunes, small vanilla, and a touch of alcohol. A smooth and big to medium mouthfeel, with a semi dry vanilla aftertaste. Nice oak presence, big flavors, and quite nice."
"Poured into a tulip glass. Deep brown with a two-finger whipped egg white head that lasts forever. Smells of caramel malt; sweet and dry. Tastes of dark fruits, vanilla, caramel malt, slightly metallic. Mouthfeel is medium bodied with aggressive carbonation on the tongue. Not bad, but not the best example of the style either."
"A copper, light brown color with a two-finger head in my glass that was tan-colored and stuck aroudn for a while due to good carbonation. I know there is some caramel or sweet malt in here because the last few ounces of pour where a syrupy discharge. Also picked up some dark fruits or something tart along with a little floral hops. My nose seems to be everywhere on this one. Medium-bodied and overall smooth, passes over the tongue and leaves a sweet and at the same time tart, almost sour fruit taste on the front. There is definitely some spices there as there is a peppery bite in the mouth and it has a dry, but not too dry or crisp, backbite. Still maintains a smoothness from the oak. This is a great beer that my pourous review doesn't really do justice. I just couldn't categorize the taste properly. Too bad it hurt my wallet a little."
"The alcohol shows itself clearly, even after two years of aging, though it's not overwhelming. The wood dominance hangs on well into the aftertaste. Sips well enough for a sipper."
"d: This is oak aging done right. The oaking takes a definite back seat to a very nice Scotch Ale. I think I liked this more than the score would indicate, that metallic flavor lowered the score a bit."
"Drinkability/other notes- Just another outstanding example of a style from allagash. They prove once again to me that their beers are worth a premium price. I'd gladly buy this over a $15 wine ANY day. No, this doesn't fit the style perfectly. The yeast (belgian and scottish ale I'd venture) makes this way better and more complex than most in this style. A great example of an American brewery venturing out on a limb at bit and succeeding beautifully as always."
"D - Probably not food friendly but more than pleasant as an after dinner ale. At 10% ABV, caution is in order."
"Pretty rich but well balanced, like I said not overly sweet. A little bit of belgian charecter with some raisins. A pretty complex beer. Medium body. I wish we could get Allagash beers in Arizona again."
"Overall, very tasty brew. Creamy and delicious."
"Musette is definitely worth a try. However, with so many other outstanding offers from Allagash, this one suffers from comparison."
"Musette exhibits the type of craftsmanship in brewing that transcends beer. It show what a great beer truly can be."
"Poured into a pint glass, it has a nice dark, slightly hazy, caramel color with a good head that lasts for a while and it has some good carbonation as well. It has a sweet, dry aroma with some faint hints of banana, some malts and alcohol. It has a smooth mildly crispy and spicy taste with some caramel flavors, its got dry and slightly bitter aftertaste. It is a medium bodied beer that really coats your mouth. The bitterness fades a bit after its warmed up some and some of the sweeter flavors come out as well."
"Poured into a tulip a very nice deep reddish/amber color, very nice carbonation, awesome thick/creamy two finger off-white head, which left some very nice thick sticky lacing. The nose is malty, nice touch of yeast, some spices, slight figs, raisins, plums, nice oak presence, with some caramel tones. The taste is awesome, malty/yeast, dark fruits, nice touch of oak/caramel tones. Medium body. The alcohol is hidden very well with this brew. Very drinkable, this one is a joy to drink, thank you Allagash, highly recommended."
"D = This one has good drinkability in moderation, as stated above, I think it would go well with foods. I would think it might work well with spicy foods like Indian. Also, would be good with a pepper steak."
"I actually had a one bottled August '06 and drank it in August '07. It was SUPER smoothe! Not as apparent alcohol smell and taste. very well blended flavors. My roommates at the time didn't drink beer (and still don't), but they all loved this year old Musette."
"D - Not great. Couldn't finish."
"M/D: Full bodied, carbonation is a bit too prickly, alcohol is there but done nicely. It's a sipper and one bottle is probably enough, but this is still a fine beer. Very good example of what oak and oak alone can bring to a beer."
"Economically not such a great deal at $16.99 when you can get the real deals from overseas for a lot less. Not sure what Allagash is thinking of at that price."
"On tap at Publick House in Boston. Pours dark amber with minimal light tan head. Aroma of caramel, brown sugar, and whisky. Really nice taste. The flavor has real complexity, with notes of chocolate and dark fruits in addition to the caramel and whisky. The whisky is present throughout, but adds to, rather than dominates the flavor. Warming alcohol on the finish. Excellent offering."
"An unusual and very tasty brew. Complex flavor profile, and dangerously easy to drink. Who knew that the malty smoky aspect of a scoth ale would match well with belgian sweetness and spices. Good stuff."
"Super drinkable 10% Wee heavy. Only wish it was cheaper and more readily available it would become a staple in my fridge."
"D - Pretty drinkable for a strong, wood aged beer. The flavor of the base beer is a bit weak, but the oak character is quite nice; substantial, but not overwhelming. The finish is particularly complex."
"D-This is a crazy mixed up brew that comes out all good in the end IMHO! A very nice offering."
"This poured a hazy, dull copper color with light tan head. It smelled like a perfectly balanced blend of wild Belgian yeast, caramel malt, and floral and pine hops. It immediately had a watered-down oaky flavor, along with the semi-sweet/semi-bitter taste of burnt honey, caramel, salt, and lemon hops. It was slightly thick with some carbonation, and had a clean and sweet aftertaste. Overall this was an interesting drink with many good elements, but could have been further refined with a bolder flavor and body."
"Overall, a wonderful beer. Saying this one is complex is a terrible understatement. Layer upon layer of flavor. Seek the Musette, you'll be happy you did."
"Thanks again to nflmvp (I think .... I recently lost my trading notebook)."
"D- Yet another very enjoyable offering from Allagash. I could drink a whole bottle of this stuff."
"Tastes of spices, fruits a bit of oak and the yeast adds some more character."
"May 2006 bottle, kept in my beer cellar until this past Friday. Poured into two belgian chalices. This beer had a golden tan color, with a fizzy amount of carbonation and a thin head. The oak aging was apparent in the smell. The taste was of raisins and peat, but the oak aspect really stopped at the palate. I have had beers that really tasted oak aged, but this one was faint. It's a good beer but not the best example of oak aging. As for price, I am glad that I got this one for 1/2 off normal price."
"This beer is a little thinner than I expected from the oaked aged series from ALLAGASH. Complex but not all that interesting to me especially for the price."
"This beer was clear and a dark burnt orange colour topped by a thin layer of bright white foam composed of small bubbles. The head eventually receded to a collar and produced some spotty lacing. The aroma was quite fruity, some white grape character, with lots of earthy notes - some vanilla, oak, and tobacco. Low bitterness with a fruity flavour, fairly spicy with a bit of alcohol throughout. Bready malt and vinous character balanced tobacco leaf and peppery spice, and there was some vanilla and oak in the background. Though there was plenty of warmth it definitely wasn't hot. Medium to full bodied with carbonation on the high side, the texture was a bit slick. Good stuff, pretty complex but still accessible. The oak didn't come off as overdone or unbalanced next to the base beer."
"drinkability is good. nice balance, with a good balance between the barrel and the base scotch ale."
"This beer was just way too expensive for what it is. $17 is just not worth it. It would be worth it for $8 or $9, maybe – but $17 is pretty ridiculous. If you have a heap of cash to spare, give it a shot. Otherwise, save your money, there are much better and cheaper beers out there."
"Pours a slightly clouded dark ruby. Flavor is amazingly smooth. Wood character comes through as does a good sweet tone. Who cares about specifics. I give it a 5 on flavor. Feel is perfect balance between liquid and carbonation. I cant believe I am having this on tap. So drinkable, I want to kill the keg. I can only imagine what this is like on bottle and plan on finding out at some point."
"Nice mouthfeel. Light and fizzy for a scotch ale, but if you like the brewery, not a bad beer. Kinda like a belgian scotch ale. A belch, if you will"
"Drinkability suffers slightly because of the sweetness and ABV, but I like this beer,"
"Pours a slightly hazy brown with little head. The smell is slightly sour and slightly sweet, and a bit yeasty. The taste has nicely balanced flavore of sweet malt and nicely subtle oak as well astypical Belgian yeast flavors of banana, spice, and coriander. The mouthfeel is creamy and smooth with a bit of spritz. Nice, and a bit different for a wee heavy- more like a wee heavy and tripel hybrid."
"Bottle: Poured a deep copper color ale with a big foamy head with good retention and small lacing rings. Aroma of sweet malt with some notes of light oak. Taste is dominated by a big sweet malt base with some toffee notes. The bourbon and the alcohol were not discernable. I was expecting more peat malt and less sweetness but I enjoyed this one very much even thought it stray very much from the style guideline."
"The first of the Allagash oaks that I've tried, this beer is unexpectedly delicate. Serve warm, stay away from rich food pairings, and enjoy slowly. It might drink like water, but it hits like a brick."
"It should be noted that I received this as a gift and therefore haven't been influenced by the price (as it seems others have). Who knows, if I were to have shilled out close to $20 for the bottle I, too, may not be so in love with it."
"It's good, but not great. It's not a 'Scotch' style and certainly not a wee heavy, it's a decent Belgian strong, but either way it's just not worth $17 a bottle."
"D - Extremely high for a wee heavy, Alagash did a fantastic job on the delivery of this one."
"Drinkability- Sadly another Allagash $$$ brew that doesn't cut it IMO. $17 for this? A decent run of the mill oaked beer, but the flavors really don't jump out at you. One more overpriced on to go..."
"A thing of beauty. I like anything barrel-aged, but this is the first ale I've had that seems like it was designed just to be aged in oak. It pours the color of a cherry tea, with a thick head and lots of good lacing. The aroma and initial flavor is heavy on the oak, but then some notes of bitter cherry, orange peel, and plum enter the mix. Not overly complex, but it does have a faint ale funk throughout, and a nice, crisp, vaguely hoppy finish. This struck me as great for wine-type occasions."
"August 2006 bottling. Pours a clear and radiant mahogany body with a small beige head that leaves ample patch lacing. Aroma of oak, caramel, vanilla, and faint tropical fruits. Medium body with some obtrusive alcohol. Taste is malty sweet caramel, bubblegum, and candied pineapple with some subtle oak tones and a hint of vanilla and spicy pepper. Some boozy alcohol again intrudes. Not my favorite Allagash by a long shot and much more Belgian than Scotch."
"This is a dangerously drinkable beer, very smooth and easy drinking for such a heavy hitter. I did however notice that the booze started to build on the tongue after a while, as did a bit of an ash tray like smoke (which was evident in the nose, but not the taste)."
"Quite the drinkable beer one you get past the initial boozy flavor. Then again this isn't nearly as booze laced as your average RIS. Highly recommended and an especially good beer for Christmas time, this and spice cookies would make an excellent match."
"The mouth is about medium (read: not thin), which leaves me yearning for a bit more heft. But the carbonation is just right, it warms the tongue real nice, but above all its a deliciously smooth ride. Overall, its a very interesting beer, another wonderful Allagash beer, most delicious."
"Dark amber with red/orange highlights and an off white, thin pool and lace ring. Aromas of candied fruits, papaya, tea herbals, slight alcohol tinge and oak barrel tones. Dominant oak barrel flavor but not too strong. Belgian yeastiness ending big on sour but balanced well with a complex sweetness, brown sugar. Buttery, caramel, peach, and peppery spice and nutty, husky malt tones come through as is develops. Full body and respectable mouthfeel, crisp carbonation is just right. The finish is dry with oak tones and a pleasantly lasting sweetness."
"Drinkability is excellent. The easiest-drinking 10% beer I've ever had. You could almost gulp this down (except for the price!), and then it would hammer you. If you are thirsty, be careful with this one -- tastes and feels like a 5.5% beer."
"Drinkability: Nicely integrated alcohol. I will definitely try to get another of these."
"Drinkability is low because of the problems with the flavors , not the 10% abv."
"Cheers!"
"Draft, at Capone's (Norristown, PA) during the Allagash promo 6/19/07. Hazy, orange color, with an off-white head. Sweet aroma; caramel, vanilla, and some oak. Complex flavor with notes of caramel, raisin, vanilla, and oak. Long oak and caramel finish. Tasty."
"Mahogoney brown with loyal significant white head. Masterful Scotch ale, with an impressive sourness not necessarily too much bourbon taste, and significant pleasant woodiness. Altogether mastery as they all work together for a successful replacement at dinner of a more expensive, wine. A good cross blend Scotch with Belgian yeast."
"Unlike the Curieux, which I thought was too ""oakey", this is an excellent offering from one of my favorite US breweries. Has an almost brown hue, decent head which disappaited quickly. No overt aroma or taste, but very good overall flavor and balance. Gets better as it goes. A very easy drinker for a 10% ABV brew. A hint of oak, but nothing to detract. Spicy and flavorful. My only real criticism is the price. Compared to the tripel (which is still the better brew), it's more than double the price."
"Another great barrel-aged offering from Allagash."
"Musette is French for bagpipes (depicted on the label). That's a great name for a Scotch ale, except that this beer doesn't have much in common with Bonny Scotland. It's a tribute to the remarkable skill of the brewers at Allagash that I feel this good about a beer that falls this short of perfection. They're the ones who set the bar so stratospherically high in the first place."
"This was wonderful, though I think it would be best enjoyed at the correct temps in that it begins to fade with warmth & air. That said, this would make an excellent beer to share with a friend in that each could enjoy a glass while its at its peak. Its like a roller coaster that starts out huge and has lots of great, fast thrill in the first 2/3 of the ride, but begins to fade some as it draws near the finish. Still, a fantastic beer that I would wholehearted recommend, but perhaps not a whole bottle by one's self. Actually, a beer like this deserves to be shared. Could see it paring famously with a good cheddar or a strong, veined cheese, actually that may help extend the foreplay. Yeah, thats it, now I have a way to fill out that 2nd half so I can enjoy another bottle all by myself! Definitely recommended, a fantastic Wee Heavy."
"Explodes out of bottle - pour slowly for a two-finger creamy head that fades slowly leaving a good lace. Cloudy amber color. Raisin/caramel nose. Strong carbonation and medium-heavy bodied. Flavor is raisiny with some caramel, finish is sour raisins. High ABV is hidden. Bottled Aug 2006. Pricey - $16.00 for a 750ml bottle from Tully's Beer & Wine Wells, Me."
"Interesting interpretation, but not really wee heavy enough."
"On Allagash's web, it says this is a Belgian inspired version of a Scotch Ale since it is often brewed there. The beer has a thick off white head that lingers and never really settles away, even pouring the second half of the bottle the high carbonation builds a strong, lasting head. Not much nose--had to swirl it to get some vanilla and light spice over a sweet malt. The taste is Belgian in character, oily and yeasty, but with a solid malty base underneath and oak with a bit of charcoal. The 10% alcohol warms nicely and evaporates up through the nose. Drink the beer at 55 like the bottle says because the balance is better; lower temp made the alcohol dominate over the other lighter flavor. A bit light for a mouthfeel and overall the beer lacks depth and character, though it was still a very fine night of tasting."
"D: Didn’t think anything much of this beer until it really warmed up. The flavors melded well after a while."
"Mouthfeel is medium bodied, sweet up front, slight oak tannins clinging with a sugary finish."
"750ml coked and caged brown bottle with a bottle date of August 2006. pours a slightly hazy medium amber with a 2 finger head, decent longevity and decent lace. Deep rich malt aromas but with a fair amount of fruityness mixed in - mainlt tart apples and cherrries. Upon tasting is a big rich malt mixed with some fruityness. Alcohol has a definate presence. Hop bitterness shows up in the aftertaste - although it is faint. This one is still a bit young and harsh. I think it will be amazing in another year or so. I will have to look for another bottle."
"D: A good sippin' beer, this ale improves as it warms."
"Poured from a 750ml corked and caged bottle with a date of August 2006. The color was a nice amber. Bottle calls for a slow pour so I started with that and ended up about medium. Even with the increase in pour there was almost no head at all. Several other reviews talked about a 3 finger head so something wrong here. The smell was oaky and sweet with raisin and fruit. The taste was pretty good but a tad too sweet from the alcohol sugars. It's 10% ABV and you can just start to taste the alcohol so pretty well balanced there. Mouthfeel was good with medium carb feel. Overall, it was a pretty good beer but not something that I see having a regular basis. Maybe ever couple years to see how my tastes evolve. I can easily drink the whole thing and like it but just not my style. (4, RB, T, O)"
"D- I think this is really good. I don't think it is to true to the style but I can see why this one would be the scotch ale from a Belgian beer brewing company. Allagash have yet to let me and they didn't stop at this one."
"Drinkability - this is good ale, but not great. High abv limits sessionability. This also seems to more of a Belgian strong dark ale, or a Dubbel, but certainly not a wee heavy."
"I'm not sure if I can call this extremely drinkable. I'm drinking it pretty quickly, but that's mainly because I'm trying to figure it out. Curiousity and confusion drive my consumption more than anything else right now. Pretty good as a change of pace, but I'm in no hurry to find it again. I like plenty of other belgian style ales better."
"Pours to 3 fingers of light tan head that has decent staying power. Very deep brown is exemplatory of a scocth style. Nose is a extremely invigorating spicey eye opener. Very fruity hints enter play also. Sweet malt is the first thing you notice on the tongue after enitial sip. Smooth spicey zap on the taste buds is accompinied by mineral notes, and hints of vanilla. Alchol is noticeable but not harsh. I really think this beer would have been better after a year or so in the cellar. Mouthfeel is realatively thick. Easy to enjoy."
"D - Although I don't think this is close to a scotch ale (maybe a Dubbel or Belgian Strong) it is a very tasty beer."
"The body is fairly light for such a strong beer. The alcohol is very well hidden as well. Very crisp and carbonated, and on the dry side as well. Fairly good drinkability, but not when you take the price tag into consideration. Worth a try, in any case."
"As for drinkability; considering it's price I will never try this beer again. Now I have all of these other Allagash ""big beers"" in my cellar that I've been looking forward too. Hopefully the others will turn out better."
"A complex and interesting beer! And a nice concept too. For some nice mid-18th century musette music, seek out Michel Courette or Joseph Bodin de Boismortier!"
"Cheers!"
"Price is lofty (I've seen it sold for $15/bottle) - that's perhaps the only deterent to keep from enjoying this regularly."
"So a nice easy drinking beer. Good for sipping. If you like bourbon, this will go nicely. I think this may go nice with a blue-veined cheese."
"Bottled August 2006, this 750ml, corked and caged Scottish ale pours a dense foggy orangey and copper hue with slight off-white head. It has a sweet smell with the gentle aroma of caramel apples tempered with a hint of oak smoke and roasted nuts. It provides a smooth, creamy texture that rolls across the tongue and lingers with a pleasant aftertaste. The rich caramel and roasted nut flavor remains firm to the end. It is an exceedingly drinkable brew that delights the senses."
"Excellent smooth mouthfeel that is slightly chewy. Oak and peat really shine through in the flavor department along with slight cherry notes. This is a nice brew, and very drinkable. I was fortunate enough to snag a bottle of this at Firewaters at the Tropicana in Atlantic City. A little pricey, but with the limited quantities it was worth getting my hands on."
"A really nice, very interesting Scottish style Ale. Solidly flavored with lots of complexity. A beautiful sipper."
"Drinkability: A real marathon for the mouth and the wallet!"
"A Wee-Heavy? Well, no, but a good beer anyway. The strong maltiness and peat, earthy, and nearly dirty flavors hinge on the aformentioned style, but the other contributing flavors sing a different story. The Belgian yeast strains and added Belgian sugars bring the beer into the Allagash world. Very spicy, malty, yeasty, tawny, earthy, nutty, and oaky evident right from the initial aromas. The flavors bring up all of these, but emphasize the malts, Belgian yeasts, tartness, and oak. All of which combine for a rich caramel, peach, nutty flavor that remains firm throughout. The body reaches medium viscousness, and holds firm from start to finish. This is a very nice beer. There is an off-keel bite and an unrefined maturity that keeps it from rating higher. This beer has some improving to experience that only time will deliver."
"overall: Seemed to have less body and interestingness on tap than in the bottle. However, it was much more drinkable in the long run."
"Opinion: I think that this is a really good beer. It is a bit overpriced IMO at over $16 a bottle. The Curieux was a little more worth it, but this beer is still excellent. I would certainly drink this beer again, but would just as certainly hesitate at the price. If this stuff was closer to $8, I would probably drink it pretty regularly. This way...it is just a treat to have."
"Pours out the color of dates with an off-white frothed milk head that maintains well throughout the glass. Smell is extremely faint for me, but I pick up some toasted malts, caramel, and some Belgian yeast character. Flavor is of roasty malts, fruity esters, spicy phenols, and bittering hops in the finish. Where is the wood in this. Ends rather dry. Mouthfeel is smooth, but is seriously lacking in body. Kind of washes off the palate easily. A good drinker, overall. Reminds me of a toastier/roastier dubbel."
"Fore is very oak laded. Has a woody spiciness to it in fact. The bourbon is fainter here, but some of that wood/bourbon mix that, to me, approximates pineapple is present here. Some earthy malt makes it feel a tad dusty, but in more of a barnyard funk way. It’s very soft on the tongue. More fruity notes pop as it warms up more."
"Dark Brown/red body with ruby-red highlights. Head is around an inch thick and dissipates slowly. Smells citrusy and peaty. Malty sweet, roasty, hints of citrus in the flavor. Some earthy element to it too. Medium bodied. Not like any other Scotch Ale I've had - cleary ""Belgian Insipired"" as the brewery says. Not as owerwealmingly malty or heavy as some Scotch ale can be. A nice balance, and a really good interpretation of the style."
"Poured in a heavy glass chalice, formed a 1/4"" beige head over the slightly cloudy reddish copper brew. Head lasts better than I expected for a barrelled brew, with minimal lacing. Nose is smoky, tart, with some light vanilla notes. Taste is sweet malts, plenty of smokiness running through, a shot of light fruitiness quick like a bunny, and then closes with the wood notes and alcohol warmth. Alcohol flavor and warmth apparent upon swallow. Mouthfeel is interesting, it seems contradictory that a beer this rich in flavor can feel so light and smooth over the tongue. Breadth of interest to the senses may slow me down with this one, but it will also try to get me to revisit."
" Mouthfeel is excellent, and as this warms, I am liking it better than my words above might suggest. There is no trace of the high alcohol content, and...just tasted some bourbon... I will buy at least one more of these to cellar."
"Enjoyed on tap in a nice wide tumbler glass at Barcade's Allagash night November 2006. Poured a nice dark amber color with hints of orange when held up to the light in the dark bar. Unfortunately not much head was present as there really wasn't much room for it in the low tumbler. The beer gave off pleasant scents of dark dried fruit with a touche of alcohol. Like any good barrel aged beverage would. The taste is pleasantly complex. LOTS of good carmelized malt with hints of dark dried fruit that ends in a nice warming subtle bourbon-esque after taste. Oh soooo good. Very drinkable in small amounts, but has a bit of stickiness to it that would prevent you from drinking more than say two of these. All in all, I love this beer. It is a beer I would want to drink every night during the winter months."
"This is a nice beer to contemplate over an evening. Perhaps the best thing about this beer is that the oak is fairly subtle, so often the wood is overdone in the wood aged beers. In this one it plays a supporting role & it just works. As the beer warms and my palate gets used to it, it loses the sweetness that was initially here. It becomes actually a bit meatier, more chewy and more savory even. Perhaps not mind blowingly good, but this is certainly quite tasty and I am enjoying this quite nicely right now."
"Drinkability: This is very drinkable. The alcohol is well integrated. This is not a classic Wee Heavy by any means. More of a belgian beer. Let's call it a Belgian inspired Wee Heavy. In any case, it's delicious."
"Large Belgian bottle, caged and corked, ""bottled August 2006"" Pours cloudy, dull dark brown, typical tan head showing fine retention and leaving nice, fine and also blotchy lacing. Nose is musty,malty and sweet. Notes of more malt, light raisins and a hint of wood and rum. Fine, fine stuff, very smooht and enjoyable mouthfeel. Go get some! Thanks to my beer bud, Daver, for bringing this fine brew over.."
"This beer goes down well, but it’s obviously another Allagash offering made to savor slowly and enjoy as it overcomes your senses. A real good one."
"This beer pours a brown/red color with a decent head that falls quickly and doesn't leave a lot of lacing on the glass. The aroma is full of dark fruit smells - reminds me of grapes and it has a hint of alcohol. Doesn't really remind me of a scotch ale, but smells good. The flavor is very smooth, but has a hint of alcohol. Very malty and full of dark fruit flavors. The flavor is more of an oak aged belgian brown or something similar, but not a scotch ale. Either way, it's tasty. The body is fairly thick, almost syrupy. The drinkability is pretty good, but the bite from the alcohol hurts it a bit."
"Pours a cloudy brown/orange, thicks off white head forms, awesome lace, great retention, it really sticks. Smell is very sweet and malty, lots of toffee, vanilla, some spices, real nice oak character, some pears and apples, little bit of alcohol. Taste is very oaky, bourbon vanilla, some toffee, apples, some alcohol, very nice though, I really enjoyed the oak character. Mouthfeel is medium bodied, very well attenuated, low to medium carbonation. A very enjoyable beer, definate sipper."
"Deep brown color with a well carbonated unever off white head. The nose has some alcohol and yeast, a little bit of malty sweetness, but not much character otherwise. The taste is mostly an off sweetness, malt, mollasses, maple syrup, almost slightly woody. There's alcohol there, but not enough to be distracting. Has a creamy mouthfeel, and finishes fairly dry with some lingering mollasses."
"Very, very good."
"Just looked down and the glass is darn near empty!"
"Flavor is sweet through and through with brown sugar, some drak fruit (plums) red grapes, borubon and a bit of oak and vanilla. I get just a hint of hot booze on the finish that makes the beer a bit of a sipper. Overall this is a tasy beer and I hope to score more next time it comes around."
"Mouthfeel/ Drinkability: This beer is medium bodied. The beer has a very aggressive and abrasive carbonation that helps to keep the beer on the dry side. The beer has a nice creamy finish. The beer is very drinkable in my opinion. I enjoyed the beer from the begining until the end. At 10% this beer may be too much for others to drink. I enjoyed how strong the beer was."
"should you pay nearly $20 for it? Nope. This tastes great but there are so MANY other great beers out there begging to be bought for a fraction of the price. I would honestly rather have my four Ommegangs to this one Allagash. Save your money and smile."
"D- This beer is complex but still pretty chaotic. With some more age it should really mellow and when all the flavors blend it should be amazing."
"Corked and caged 750ml bottle. Pours a dark brown with a bit of orangish hues when held up to the light. Aroma is sweet fruity malts with a bit of spice and smoked oak. Taste starts out malty but quickly turns a bit spicey. There is also a large presence from the belgian yeast in the taste as well. Overall, this is a pretty good brew but I cannot help but be dissapointed in it from the steep price tag."
"This one’s really well rounded. It was nice to have a barrel aged beer that wasn’t overly-dominated by the oak."
"Overall, nice brew, but glad that I only had half the bottle, and only bought the one."
"Overall: This is the first Wee Heavy that I've assigned a ranking to. The malty flavors are nice and are balanced well by the woodiness and bitterness. If I could find another bottle I would buy it for cellaring, perhaps next year's release."
"Drinkability is good an enjoyable beer, one of the better Allagash beers I have had as far as enjoyablity goes and would purchase again for special occassion."
"Taste: The boozy presence takes center stage, which tries to hide the body lost by the barrel aging process and does a relatively good job of it, giving it more girth than width, if that makes any sense. Like a girl stuffing her bra with kleenex to drag attention away from the zit on her forehead. Maybe the ""magician making you look to the left while he stuffs the rabbit in the hat on the right"" analogy would fit it better, but it just wouldn't be as funny. Anywhoo, the belgian yeast strain sort of takes this beer on a tangent a little too far from the style, but that's not a bad thing at all. The bready, almost peppery yeast flavors give it a richness the weakend malt wouldn't have been able to give on it's own. I'm glad I've secured a bottle of this, it's going to be a very interesting cellaring experiment."
"Bottle split with dirtylou during my stay in Madison...May 2006 bottling. I'll rate this beer with both a scotch and belgian strong in mind."
"drinkability: about average, good opener"
"Beer is good. Happy barrel beering."
"$20 a bottle? I think that is a bit much. Granted I paid less and for that money I would buy it in a second."
"I am of the opinion that Allagash can do no wrong, and this beer does nothing to dissuade me. I had a 750ml bottle, purchased at Tully's, that stated it was bottled May of 2006. It was a medium brown color, with a thin white, sticky head. It had a sweet, oaken aroma, with some maltiness. It tasted fruity, some vanilla, and fairly big malt that lingered a long time. Good mouthfeel, and very drinkable, as long as you remember to sip and not guzzle."
"This pours a clear deep ruby red with a giant tan foamy head. This is a impressive looking beer. The smell is a strong ""bisquity"" aroma with toasted almond,vanilla, bourban, and malt. The taste is crisp with malt,smoked oak,vanilla, and bourban, although the bourban flavor isn't too strong. The many flavors don't quite mix right making this beer alittle off flavored. The m/f is light and not balanced well. This is a damn good beer,but it's not as good as I hoped. Stick to the Alagash Curieux for the burban oak flavored beer."
"Curiously flavorful. I don't hate it, but then again, I don't hate much. Sip after sip after sip, I found myself enjoying this more and more and more. It grows on you."
"Pours a very murky brown with a nice tan head that retains impressively for a beer this strong. The aroma has big caramel and molasses character upfront, along with some dark fruits (fig, date, plum, cherry), belgian yeast, and some slight oak and vanilla notes. The flavor is initially sweet with caramel and molasses notes, as well as dark fruits (cherry, fig, plum), belgian yeast, oak, toasted bread and alcohol. The mouthfeel is medium and drinkability is descent at best. An intersting beer, by no means a traditional scotch ale...a bit cloying for my taste and quite expensive but solid."
"Flavor is all sorts of caramel and toffee candies. Very sweet but lack any sort of bitterness to provide any balance. The heat from the alcohol provides some balance as it is a bit biting. Some slight tannins from the wood give the beer a nice smoothness. Picking up some slight hints of dark cherries too. Medum body with a bit of alcohol burn. Interesting enough. It was wood aged, but I wonder how this would be if served from a cask engine? I really like that thought."
"A lovely beer by Allagash. Thick, rich, lasting, inviting, and overtaking. Really at this point I'm left speechless as it supercedes words for the most part. Heavenly."
"750 ml corked and bailed bottle."
"Quite an enjoyable beer. I don't see how this is anything like a scotch ale, but whatever. It's smooth, tasty, all the flavors mesh well, and the oak has been used judiciously to create a pleasing toasted vanilla flavor instead of an overwhelming one."
"If I spend $15 on a bottle of beer in the near future, this will not be on my list. I think it's one to try, but I won't be buying it again..."
"Thanks again to Tom at UJ's for this fine brew!"
"available at the great lost bear on cask!"
