review_text
""
"I'm gonna stop there, as my first draft got eaten by the gremlins of the digital universe (accidentally closed my browser), and I've had to retype this whole thing. Aargh!"
""
""
""
""
""
"Back to the drawing board for this one!!!"
"Overall except for the aroma this beer is a complete FAIL. I'm hoping it was a bad bottle. I will have to talk to the guys at Viking about this one."
"Well worth a try for those who enjoy spicy brews."
"Decent on drinkability. Probably the hottest beer I've had, as the cayenne presence is impressive. But still, this one is a bit messy and unbalanced."
"D- This was not enjoyable to me, it was pretty much a drain pour."
"D: not good... at all.. I thought perhaps I got a bad bottle, but given the other poor reviews, I don't think that is the case. This may be one of the worst beers I have ever had. I guess there is a reason why this brewery stays below the radar here on BA. Let's just hope the Swedish imperial stout is a little better."
"D: Very interesting beer from Viking. If they toned down the spice a little and dialed up the mouthfeel and chocolate/malty flavours, I think they would have something special on their hands."
"Black in color with light chocolate colored head. The nose is malty and dull. I know about what is coming due to the ""brewed with cocoa and cayenne pepper"" statement on the label. I am bracing myself for an all or nothing type of experience. The attack is smooth with a chocolate and malt forward presentation. The cayenne presents late and gains heat as it finishes in the mouth. It is like a runner sprinting for the finish line the way the intensity grows. The beer is very different, but very good. Back to my statement of it being ""all or nothing."" This beer is a lot more ""all"" than ""nothing."""
"Pours black with a dark brown head. Aroma consists of cocoa powder, chocolate malt, caramel, toffee and some vinous notes. Medium in body. Dark chocolate malt dominates the flavor profile. It's not bitter though. Rich chocolate midway almost reminds me of Devil's Food cake, but not as sweet. Pepper heat really hits you in the back of the throat and lingers into the finish for a few seconds. As such, it warms the back and roof of your mouth. I really like this as a winter offering."
"This is better than I expected. Not great, but decent and interesting. It went just fine with my taco salad."
"D- just ok, could drink several more but the combo of beer and spicy aftertaste is generally not for me"
"I usually always give good scores for appearance so this is the exception. It looks piss poor, no head, particulate-laden brown swamp. It smells like chocolate and chile powder. The taste is cocoa powder and pepper. Its not gross but I don't really care for the pairing of chocolate and pepper."
"Sweet and dense chocolate flavors, with a building peppery cayenne spice in the finish. Well integrated, the chile isn't too intense, more akin to adding a pinch of pepper to liven up a dish. The mouthfeel is slightly thin, slightly dunkel-ish, but this can be overlooked due to the tasty flavor. Overall I like this, and would drink a couple at a time. This is great stuff if you like a little chile heat in your cocoa. Points for creativity...chiles and chocolate isn't that big of a stretch really."
"Thanks to fellow BA Roger for sharing this bottle with me,poured deep and dark but not quite opaque with a thinner mocha colored head.A bit of pepper spice and bitter chocolate in the nose but the aromas are on the lighter side,I like the flavors of this beer alot more than most I think it starts out roasted with bitter chocolate tones melding into a big spicey finish and I mean its pretty spicey.Hey I liked it it delivered a good combination of flavors and packed a kick,I would drink again."
"I like Viking, I think they take some chances, hit or miss."
"This beer pours with a stout-like appearance, litte head retention. Aromas of malt hit the nose, no peppery aromas. The taste is exactly the name of the beer...hot chocolate. Somewhat smooth taste with a finish of peppery spicniness (the cayenne pepper perhaps?). A unique beer that could pass as a digestif. Definitely not a beer for sports events and the ""light"" beer crowd. The more i drank this beer the more spicy heat from the cayenne pepper coated (and remained) in my throat. A little too much..."
"I like this beer! There's a smoothness to it that is nicely contrasted with the peppery hottness of the cayenne. Also the maltiness. Really, I like the way this turned out. A bit of a problem with head retention and lace, but wth. Nice n dark, very chocolatey, silky. Nice finish."
"Pours a deep black color with almost no head. Nose is coffee with some slight chocolate notes. Flavor is mocha, a tad bitter, with a very nice heated finish from the cayenne. Kept on drinking this as I was enjoying the heat in the back. I also detected some cherry mixed in with the chocolate which was very nice. I thought this was pretty good, maybe be a bit thin for some, but for me it was a medium to get some chile pepper heat which I am quite fond of. Thanks to JeffKrenner for this bottle"
"D - A very interesting beer. Spiciness is really cool, reminds me a lot of a habanero mango ice cream I had recently."
"Not very drinkable, but my limited experience with chili beers hasnt led me to one that was. This one has potential, perhaps their cayenne pepper wasnt at its best. Will take some decent reviews of a new batch to pique my interest in this brew again."
"Pours a black/brown with almost no head. The aroma is chocolate cake batter, with a faint hint of chile powder. The taste is much more powerful than the aroma, with a straight balance of malt and hops, with chocolate that seems to cling to the roof of my mouth. The chile outlasts everything else, leaving a satisfying finish. It's a bit thinner than I would like, which is unusual for Viking. I let it warm up quite a bit; I'd shoot for about 55 deg. It's a great concept, matching chile with chocolate, and Viking pulls it off."
"Hot Chocolate kinda, sorta sounds like a good idea, but it has to be done just right. Viking has added way too much cayenne pepper and has ruined things as a result. Frankly, this beer is a mess and is a new low point for a brewery that struggles to provide high points on any given day."
"Originally reviewed April 9, 2005. Bottle at the Gitchee Gumee Brewfest 2005. This beer pours a peculiar milky brown, almost like molten caramel. The aroma is stingy and heavily tannic, but a little sweet and floral. The flavor starts off somewhat rounded and chocolately, but then I get blasted by this bland hot spice, that speaks slightly of roasted pepper. I’m not pleased. I don’t like hot things in my beer. Nobody has executed a hot pepper beer that shows balance or melds with beer's other characteristics, and this is not that."
"Mouthfeel is quite light with really mellow carbonation. Almost seems still in the glass halfway through. This is not a chile beer that I'll be picking up again. This one didn't do it for me at all...maybe you'll have a different opinion!"
"Pours a two finger dark brown head that fades instantly leaving no lace. Black color. Faint carbonation and heavy bodied. Chocolate nose. Roasted chocolate flavor, smooth with some bite but no noticeable cayenne pepper - broken down by the yeast?? $1.59 for a 12oz bottle from Blue Max Liquor Burnsville, Mn."
"Thanks for the bottle, Jim? :)"
"12 oz bottle. This one pours a deep brown color, bordering on black, with a very small head that leaves only small wisps over top. No bubbles appear to be working their way to the surface on this one. Aroma is pretty well all cocoa. Comes across pretty lifeless and could definately use some more to it. Flavor is right there with the cocoa, but this fades to a nice coffee and chocolate finish. On the second sip, I start to get the pepper on this one. It gives an itial tingle of heat and pepper flavor. The heat hits the back of my throat and my stomach as a pretty harsh burn. After two sips, the pepper flavor is really all that I am getting from this one. Not really enjoy it. Mouthfeel is a thin moderate with an absence of carbonation. I'm not enjoying the burning sensation in my esophagus and stomach. I just don't think this is an enjoyable beer."
"Heartburn in a bottle. Looks ok. No head to speak of but it’s really dark, I’m mean truly impenetrably dark. That’s cool. Smells pretty decent, like peppers and chocolate. The taste, however, bleigh!!! Typically Viking yeast and barley flavors with plenty of nice, well…hot chocolate flavors. Too bad the pepper is misplaced, unbalanced, and nearly undrinkable. I’m not saying that this beer is all that hot. It’s not. I just don’t like the particular pepper that they used. I don’t care for the flavor and boy did they ever use a lot of it. You can see pepper flakes floating around in there, tons of the stuff. Body is way too light. This seems connected to the head thing. Carbonation is minimal and the beer seems watered down. I really like Viking brewery, especially their experimental stuff but this one misses the mark by yards."
"Dark chocolate black with a bubbly, quickly-disappearing cocoa brown head. Syrupy chocolate sweetness, cocoa powder (baking), backed by roastedness and nostril-burning heat. I’m not kidding. Weird. Sweet chocolate milk sweetness. Like a sweet stout. Light roastedness. A strange hot, spiciness descends into the finish. Chili mixed with chocolate, eh? Weird but not as bad as I expected. Full-bodied, with a syrupy, cloying feel. Light carbonation. All add up for an odd feel. Not for mass consumption."
"Pours a jet black with no head, and very, very little carbonation. After tasting a variety of Viking's beers, this comes as no surprise. C'mon guys, where's the carbonation? Coffee liqueur dominates the aroma with perhaps a hint of spice/heat (or nicotine?) and maybe, just maybe, some chocolate. The taste is smokey, spicy and devoid of chocolate. Another reviewer said that this tasted like an ashtry, and I can't get that out of my mind. The taste is just plain weird. I'm not opposed to a mix of chocolate and peppers, but the pepper dominates and quite frankly, the pepper flavor isn't that good. I'd like to see more chocolate and less (perhaps different) pepper flavor. Mouthfeel is average, though I think I'd like it better with a bit more carbonation. This isn't terribly drinkable. I have a four-pack and I suspect that the last two will sit in the cellar for a bit."
"Looks pretty weird, an almost completely flat pitch black color with odd, brown, seed-looking flecks floating around in it. Smells great though, really strongly of chocolate and stoutish roasted coffee with just the barest hint of spicy pepper. Tastes fairly low-key, not boisterously chocolatey or peppery, but there's definitely some of both, and I disagree with previous reviewers that these two flavors clash horribly. There's a caramel malt base with rich chocolate and roasted veins running through it and a spicyness that builds as the stout characteristics taper. The beer's two main flavors are inversely related, and it transforms from a tasty chocolate stout with flashes of hotness into a peppery beer with some lingering hints of chocolate, both within a sip and as the beer warms. The drinkability takes a hit as the bottle goes on due to the cayenne, but still, Hot Chocolate was much better than I expected."
"Pours a dark, opaque brown, with lots of yeast clumpies floating around, and what looks like the bottom of a cup of hot chocolate on the inside of the bottle. No head. I really mean that, not a trace of head. Smell is of chocolate, maybe a little chili spice, but maybe it is just me trying to place it there. TASTE IS TERRIBLE. The cocoa flavors do not mix well with the chili, giving it a smokey/ashtray flavor. This reminds me of the flavor in your mouth after vomiting (the acidity). I love hot food, put tabasco on a minimum of 2 meals a day, however this absolutely abhorred. Not good at all. Oh yeah, and the mouthfeel has lackluster carbonation. Blechl."
"One is probably enough, though."
"I was expecting the worst, and I got mediocer, which I consider a win considering the style. In terms of its base beer, it's decent, and actually quite easy to drink."
"The color is a besmirched blackened brown muddy thing that pours very thin and without much head or carbonation. Aroma has weakened cocoa-like nuttyness with a small hint to the cayenne. Oh, but the flavor does not mistake where the cayenne is. Its smack dab in your face and absolutely disgusting. I can't imagine the look on my face I must of had after the first sip. I must of looked like I was poisined or something. I nearly gagged it was that bad for me. Its suppose to be a chocolate stout with cayenne seasoning, not cayenne bludgeoning. The chocolate is nearly invisible, and what is detetced is very artificial and stale. It doesn't help that it nearly does nothing but sit like water. The body is super thin and weak and all I get is a bunch of nasty cayenne that never fits. Yuk, yuk, yuk! Viking? What the hell are you doing to me? I so enjoy a couple of their beers, but this, along with countless others, are just soooo out there that its time to do a reality check and get back to the basics of making a finely crafted brew, not some basement science project gone horribly wrong that will rise up to destroy its maker."
"Another weird idea from Viking, bafflingly executed."
"Pours to a deep dark brown, almost black with a light brown head that diminishes almost instantly...typical with Viking. The aroma is of chocolate and a bit of roasted malts. I am seaching for the peppers in the aroma and they just are not there. The flavor is chocolate and malt in the front, which then flows to a fresh peppery taste. It is very thin and watery and the peppers have a bit of warmth in the finish. It needs some more carbonation, kinda flat. I'm a big spicy food fan, so I like it hot...this isn't as hot as I was expecting. Needs more pepper in the aroma and the chocolate and pepper heat in the flavor."
"This headless, black beer leaves no lace. The aroma is more cocoa than chile. The flavor, however, is more chile than cocoa. A lot more chile. This one is hot. Damn. It lingers. It's an interesting brew, but not one I'd revisit anytime soon. Just not my kind of beer."
"This brew comes in a sixpack rather than the typical large bottle, kind of unfortunate in that its not the most drinkable brew from a brewery with a lot of odd entries anyway. A ""chocolate stout"" with cayenne seasoning. Dark pour, head is middling and leaving just traces of lace. Aroma is lighlty malty, some buttery tones and traces of the cayenne pepper. Mouthfeel is light and the carbonation underdone, and the flavor just doesn't get a lot of foothold in the chocolate arena before the pepper becomes very hot and dominates the beer. Lingering aftertaste. Not the most strident chile beer, maybe a different idea than others, and it is an interesting transition. Now I have five more and I can't think of other occasions I'd want to consume them."
