review_text
""
""
""
""
""
""
"This is a top-notch beer. Never been a fan of the style, but this has won me over."
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"O - I am fairly new to the style but this speaks to me, the flavours are bold but friendly and generally inviting"
"An interesting beer but I probably won't purchase again at the price it's sold for in the Ontario LCBO (over $11)."
""
"O: Well balanced masterpiece. More woody, malty, earthy tones than cherry in comparison to Goudenband. Love the earthiness and bitterness of malt this one has. Love sours. Would go well with cherry pie, great to sip, would also match well with creamy cheeses."
"Totally worth seeking out and trying, even if it is not for everyone."
"O - Interesting beer. I suspect this one might be better paired with food or used for cooking. Overall it wasn't bad but it was enthralling me either."
""
"A very nice red ale with an Italian twist."
""
""
""
""
""
"Overall: Not something to drink a lot of, but sharp, interesting, and unexpected flavour make it something I could see in a food pairing, maybe with cheese"
"Final Grade: 4.18, an A-. Panil Barriquee is a thoroughly enjoyable sour - and, speaking from experience, seems to be a good introduction to the style for newbies like me. The balance between the tartness of the various fruit flavours/acetic, and the sweetness of the malts is nothing short of excellent - to say nothing of the masterfully-cloaked ABV, or the pleasant woodiness of the profile, or the fact that it is tasty both when chilled and after warming up to room temperature. I'm still not convinced that sours are up my alley, but I found myself with nothing but compliments for this highly quaffable example. Highly recommended, and something I may get again some time."
""
"O: It's a sour beer within what's expected of a traditional Flanders red ale. Very balanced and rich with good enough complexity."
"Almost medium-bodied with moderate carbonation. It's slightly puckering acidity is paired with mild tannic astringency. A tasty and approachable sour ale with some wine-like qualities."
"I loved the taste and had little to complain about in other areas. I wish I could read Italian because I'm curious to what went in to this beer and I'm too lazy to type it all in too google translate, oh well. Thanks again liamt07 for sending the bottle"
""
"O - Overall, a tasty sample of the style and worth seeking out. Definitely glad that the LCBO is broadening its selection and bringing in a greater variety of styles."
""
""
"Overall, good. Not a heavy hitter but a nice beer."
""
""
""
"Overall. Very nice flanders red. Not extremely sour and very drinkable."
""
""
"Pours a murky reddish brown, with a light tan head. Light lacing and mild retention. Nose of sour cherries, light malts and spicing. Prevalent piercing sour notes nonetheless. Taste has some tart cherries, with a big woody balance. Light tannic character and some green apple. Spicing does well to come in midmouth, and even the the alcohol content, none is felt. Some tartness, lightly puckering - some acetic. Nice refreshing feel, and it was a good idea to split this one. Truly the first Flanders red I've ever enjoyed, very good stuff."
"This is the Italian version, the bottle is completely in Italian, and it is sour but not the sourest purposely infected bottle. Decent drinkability, reddish colour. Smooth, above average mouthfeel. Controlled mouthfeel, well malted.Cherry and balance."
"O: Really liked this one. The level of tart/sour was on point and really enjoyed the flavors. Was the highlight of that nights tasting."
"O: This is a must for sour enthusiasts though I would caution that there is either a great deal of batch or bottle variance. Older batches (than 2010) may not be at such a high quality."
"O- Solid beer. Thoroughly enjoyed it. Went back to the LCBO and picked up another 3 bottles. Compared to the $28.00 bottles I've seen in the states $14.00 is a steal!"
"Bottle pours a dark reddish brown clour with a decent amount of head. Tastes very sour as I am not very fimiliar with this style. Definately has a sour candy like taste. This bottle isn't that bad of a struggle to finish myself, as I was a little worried about. Decent drinkability. Its pretty refreshing too. I might consider another bottle if there is any left on the shelves here at the LCBO."
"d-very drinkable...cost is prohibitive though...LOL"
"Overall average, not the best sour I've had, not the worst!"
"D: It's tough to come to a final conclusion. There are parts of this beer that I really liked, and parts that I didn't. At $18, I feel its quite overpriced, but it would be interesting to see if it is quite older."
"d - A pretty good flanders ale. I thought it smelled amazing and had some great sour fruit and wine to it. Would definitely have again."
"A nicely balanced ale, among the tartness, funk, and grain."
"An extremely good Flemish red, better than many Belgian examples I've had... and it's from Italy? Very odd, but quite tasty. I wish I could get this back in Texas."
"Great looking ale. A rich brown with amber tints. The nose has sweet malts, tart fruits, oak and musky funk. Taste has sweet caramel malts balanced by sour fruit, oak and a subtle barnyard manure presence. Medium body with delicate carbonation. Great example of the style from this Italian brewery. Well balanced indeed."
"Certainly better than rodenbach classic, and a little better than duchesse - less vinegar, and less sweet."
"This is a wonderful Flanders Red from the boot and one of the best in its class. This happens to be one of those beers I always like to have at least one bottle in the house at all times."
"750 ml bottle shared with friends on 2/12/09, 2005 vintage, think I bought this at Hi-Times a while back, reviewed from notes, have also had a fresher batch before, poured into my Three Philosophers glass, color is a red with pinkish amber highlights, 3/4 inch bubbly off white head that does not last very long, no lacing, aroma consists of lacto, sour cherries, mild vinegar, vanilla, oak, granny smith apples, raspberries, and yeast, taste starts off tart with berries and other sweet and sour fruits, oaky in the middle, finish is slightly dry with a sour bite and cherries, more vanilla and oak come out in the finish as it warms, tartness mellows out then but still introduces itself each sip, sour, fruity, and oaky mouthfeel, medium bodied, high level of carbonation, could drink a few more glasses of this, not too sour or sweet, vinegar smell or flavor is not overbearing, goes down easy and can even be refreshing, this is a great Italian beer and I will be drinking more of this in the future, it has a nice sourness from the lactobacillus, should definitely check it out"
"Opinion: I am rather impressed with this beer. It not quite a Rodenbach or anything, but it is still a contender with those incredible beers. The overall presentation of this beer has been very pleasant for me, and I would certainly drink this beer again. I would put it into the category of a ""starter Flanders"" if there was such a thing. It isn't as assertive as I like them, but it a world class beer nonetheless."
"Drinking this was almost psychologically refreshing for me having reviewed 'smaller' styles for quite a while. At $16 per bottle I would put this fabulous beer up against any wine at a similar price. Panil brews a wonderful Flanders and I will definitely be coming back to this again."
"D: A bit, but I don't drink this style for the drinkability."
"Drinkability was pretty good, even though I prefer them much more sour, and wish this 2006 vintage had another 2 years on it. Very nice pairing with steaks, I compared it to my wife's Bordeaux and it by far exceeded it, which really shocked me."
"This was bottle 0229 from batch #8. Brewed in 2007. The beer poured a hazy, reddish brown. Topped by a wispy beige head that faded to a thin ring. The aroma is very sour, with acidic, earthy and lightly medicinal notes. From the moment it hits the tongue, this beer is sour throughout. There are hints of cherry fruitiness, a slight medicinal character and an earthiness in the finish. This beer is light bodied, with low carbonation and a refreshing dry finish. I found this beer to be very drinkable, incredibly smooth, despite the sourness. It beats Rodenbach easily."
"An excellent example of the flemish sour style. An extreme example, in fact. This one has a very strong acidic backbone, a sort of geuze/vinegar sourness. Sporadic herbal/farmhouse notes. Some oak and bourbon in the background, but not so much as to distract from the sublime acidity. Poured a light coppery color. This is one to take your time with. Enjoy it."
"Drinkability: Despite the carbonation problems that others experienced, this is a great example of the style"
"Mouthfeel/Drinkability- Smooth, soft, and elegant. Just short of a ""5" in texture... at 8%, this is easy and delicious. Great example of this style."
"2005 bottling. Murky cherrywood with burnt orange highlights and a fairly poor light tan head. Montmornecy cherry aromas mingle with slight woody funk and yeasty spice notes. Sour cherry flavors predominate with a lactic tartness and an oaky pucker. Feels somewhat thin but a tingling pepperiness keeps things interesting. Tasty enough, but somewhat tame in the end."
"Thanks to biegaman for sharing this special order of his. Poured a cognac hue with opaque darkness in the glass, very much like a prune juice. Light brown head settled to a wispy film that covered most of the glass surface. Not a lot of carbonation but good lacing. The smell was of sour fruit yet had a rich, tort-like richness in aroma as well. The tart and sour taste was well rounded with a pleasant mouthfeel and finish. After being allowed to warm, there was a boysen-berry taste, still tart / sour, sharp finish but not overly astringent. The eight per cent alcohol was not apparent. Slightly spritzy mouthfeel continued despite air and the apparent lack of visible carbonation; a really interesting beer all around and perfect for the Thanksgiving after-dinner occasion."
"Got in a trade with rajendra82 - many thanks! Poured from a 750ml bottle with a bottled date of 2006 into my NBB snifter. It was deep reddish amber with some yeast bits floating around. It had no head even after a hard pour at the end - not even a single particle of foam. It was at proper temp so not sure what happened. The smell was pretty good with sour cherries and oaky vanilla but was a little weak. The taste followed the aroma but was weaker than I expected. The taste and the mouthfeel both tasted watered down. Gonna have to try another one to ensure that my sample was good. Overall, not bad but definitely not worthy of the high ratings and #2 Flanders Red Ale rank. (4, try again, T, O)"
"750ml bottle (2006 vintage) to tulip glass, shared with a couple buddies. Pours out a beautiful red color, not too much carbonation, a nice off-white head that melts to just a smattering of lacing and thin halo. Aroma is fruit and Brett, very tart and mouthwatering. Tastes as it smells, but sweeter, fruitier, smoother. The mouthfeel is light and creamy, the fruit abounds though not nearly as sweet as Duchesse, great tart and barnyard notes. I love this beer, and even at $25/bottle I'm tempted to get a case for the cellar. Expect this one to age very well."
"I find this flanders red to be less complex than some others. The sour is more pronounced, but there is very little sweet. Not very balanced. It is enjoyable but not nearly as enjoyable as a Duchesse or Rodenbach, both of which I find has a much better balance of flavor. For $15 a bottle I wouldn't buy it again, especially when most of the other Flanders reds are half that price."
"A very impressive brew, thanks cresant for the opportunity."
"Wow. An archetypal Flanders Red. Wonderfully drinkable. An ideal candidate for expanding the palate of the uninitiated."
"M&D: quite fluffy and mildly fizzy to go with the sour-sweetness, while the carbonation softens as it breathes, making a real enjoyable and smooth palate throughout. Overall, this is an enjoyable red ale, albeit a less potent one with an added touch of elegance. Well worth a try!"
"A very nice sweet sour dance tells me I really want to enjoy this one some day. But for now, it only gets so so scores- compared to the hype on this beer, I am quite disappointed, especially for the price. I'll re-review when I get a chance."
"very drinkable and mild, while maintaining a respectable complexity and sourness. not bad at all."
"Mouthfeel was silky. Medium/thin in body. Faint carbonation."
"D: I was expecting more, especially out of a fresh version. I don’t think I’d want to try an aged version of this beer, I’d imagine it would have lost almost all of its character. For me, I like my sours just a bit more sour."
"Drinkability? This is freakin' fantastic! I've got a bit of heartburn from it, but it is totally worth the experience. Amazing!"
"Mouthfeel and drinkability suffer from the medicinal wild yeast flavor, but it is still a nice crisp, sour brew. Even so, the bottle was easy to finish in a sitting. My personal preference for the style is Rodenbach Grand Cru, followed by Duchesse."
"Tried some cheese pairings: Parmigiano Reggiano works very well (coincidence?). The flavors really compliment eachother, the savory and nutty components of each harmonize, and the intensely dry flavor of the cheese brings out the fruity and sweet aspects of the beer without messing with its structure and balance. Swiss is a passable and interesting match. Roquefort doesn't work at all, the beer seems to lose most of its characteristics, especially its acidity. Viva la Parma!"
"Mouthfeel is medium bodied, sweet up front, tart along the palate, and mouthpuckering for a sweetart enjoyability that can't be beat."
"Bottle courtesy of Boboski: Poured a deep cloudy reddish color ale with a big foamy head with great retention and good lacing. Aroma of oak is totally dominating and very enjoyable. Taste is also dominated by the oak which tend to give this beer a very vinous aspect. The sourness, tart and light sour cherries taste were well balance and provided a complex taste. Carbonation was just incredible and alcohol was well disguise. It would be very interesting to compare to the Rodenbach Grand Cru."
"Slightly metallic, tart fruit flavor up front. Vinegary, vinous malt undertones beneath a predominantyly sour, acidic onslaught. Oak, vinegar, and tart cherries about wraps it up. Acidic nature backs off a little near the finish, revealing fresh-cut hay and cherry malt. Dries out from there. Leaves the tongue puckered! Medium-bodied, with a very dry finish, and tickly carbonation throughout that really lifts the tart acidity off the palate. Would never have guessed this to be 8%, drinks like 5%!"
"Pours a small head that's not very thick and falls fast, but also leaves a small thin head without a lacing. The color is dark and magenta when held up to the light. The smell is sour fruitiness with dark tones with a woody earthy backround. There's a small amount of horse blanket in the backround as well. Very light bodied with a slight fruitiness, not very sour, still has the woody backround. The mouthfeel is alright, a bit uncharacteristic like water. Overall this was ok, not a bad beer, but $15 worth? I don't think so. It was nice to try this time, but next time I won't purchase it for $15, but maybe $4 or $5."
"It seems the 2006 bottling of this isn't faring well with reviewers. This is certainly a major disappointment at $16 a bottle. This is barely drinkable."
"D- It is alright. Doesn't have a big sourness to it (which is a downfall in my book). I think there are some better ones than this."
"I drank the 750 mL bottle with ease, no flagging. I could drink this all night. Smoother, but just as complex as La Folie, higher drinkability to me. This is an outstanding Flemish-style red, and the premier Italian effort I've tasted. Panil proves you can riff on a classic Belgian style and come up with as good or better than the original. Very highly recommended for fans of sour brews."
"This beer makes it clear that at least one Italian brewer can give the Flemish folks a run for their sour money. It's not for every palate, but those who enjoy the style should enjoy this as I do. the ABV is legitimate, but its mellow in personality and does nothing to hinder the considerable drinkability. This is la dolce vita in a glass. And so, for now, ciao."
"Pours almost still hazy red-brown with no head and little lacing. Aroma is a little thin; wisps of oak and vanilla on balsamic vinegar. Flavor is pleasant but uncomplicated. Sweet and sour balsamic vinegar with oak notes. Body is creamy and slightly rich; far too still for the style. Not terrible, but I'd *never* pay the premium for this unusual (non-Belgian) Flemish red ale when Rodenbach is far better and half the price."
"One up note, I tried it both cold and warm - this beer is at its best at a warmer temp."
"Poured out a dark reddish brown, murky, with a tan bubbly head that dissipates into a thin film without lacing. Nose offers sour lemony alcohol, with a sweet chemical candy like note, fake cherry, marischino cherry, and some robitusson. The taste had a big sour bite, with medicinal overtones, some cherry notes, and then a long mostly refreshing sour finish. Mouthfeel has some crisp, but slight carbonation, clean on the palate."
"stiff, stinging carbonation and a light, spritzy feel. carbonation is just a touch too high and detracts from the flavor, but it still comes off as acidic and sour with hints of cherry, grape, and oak. barely metallic. astringent, acetone-like finish with some slight fruit essence. delightfully complex and drinkable."
"Overall, a bit of a disappointment. Nice, but not great, aroma and flavor. The lack of carbonation was a bit disturbing though."
"A beautiful pour, lovely serene red colour. Suddy lacing. Explosive aroma full of oak and other woods, ripe fruits, and an incredibly balanced sour overtone. Mouthfeel very minerally, amazing water. The sourness is well pronouced but not overbearing. Flavours very mature and present. Sweet malt bill, very fresh, lively fruits. This review has done a terrible job at describing, let along capturing, the incredible aura of this beer. It is a mastefull piece of work."
"Cheers!"
"Panil Barriquee is quite the experience. Anyone who wants to drink one the best Flanders reds in existence, from Italy of all places, should seek this one out. It's an amazing ride and I'm looking forward to hanging on through the final third of the bottle. A stellar version."
"Taste; as with the aroma lots of sour apples and tart cherries. The oak barrel flavor is very good, and there's a definite acidic quality. There's a touch of vinegar that kind of sits in the background, and this finishes with some mild spices and just a touch nutty. Mouthfeel is medium bodied with very little carbonation. As far as drinkability goes, I don't think that I've ever come cross a beer as drinkable as this one. I love tart flavors, and this style is quickly becoming a favorite of mine, and so far this is the best I've yet had."
"This beer has nothing on La Folie. It's very good, and probably more complex, but nowhere near as drinkable."
"Taste is the bomb. Sour tart apples blended with cherries and bret yeast. Brief sweetness that keeps it from being too tart. Dry finish that finished fast, very refreshing. For being such a complex flavored and well balanced beer, it has a very clean palate and doesn't linger. Leaves you really for more. Light bodied. I was worried about the carbonation initially, but it is welcome; not overpowering or stinging. I would have rated drinkability slightly higher, but I think one or two of these at a time is the limit. This is truly a beer to enjoy all the flavors and smells."
"This beer had a heavily clouded rusted copper colour. The aroma was musty and sour. The mouth-feel was astringent and quite unpleasant. Tastewas the worst part, being very sour, with hints of rotten apple. It was certainly yeast-saturated well beyond any other bottle fermented beer I have tried. With the other strong reviews for this beer, I have to wonder if the one I tried was spoiled?"
"2005 Vintage. Pours out a dark brownish red with a lively tan bubbly head. Some speckles and clumps of lace clung to the glass as I drank it. Aroma is full of tart cherries and woody notes. There was some sweetness as well adding a touch of balance. The taste is similar with tart cherries and woody oak notes dominating. There is a light sweetness in the middle before the dry sour woody finish. Soft carbonation. Easy drinking for the style and quite refreshing. A good all around sour beer."
"Mouthfeel/ Drinkability: The beer is light bodied but very firm. The beer is a tour de force of sweet, sour and funky yeastyness. The beer is acidic at times and smooth at others. The beer is very enjoyable. From the very first smell until long after the glass was empty I enjoyed this beer. The beer is a bit pricey but well worth the treat. I will be purchasing this beer at a later point."
"Pours a hazy red/brown, thin tan head forms, really nice lace on the glass, great retention, head stays intact until the end of the glass. Smell is sweet, sour cherries/fruits, oak, spice, some caramel, really nice and tart. Taste is amazing, caramel and cherries, sour/tart blast through the middle, really intense, wood/oak, little alcohol in the finish and maybe some light chocolate. Mouthfeel is medium bodied with really low and smooth carbonation. Absolutely fantastic, one of the better sour ales I've come across, and from a completely unexpected source. Thanks for splitting it DrJay!"
"I paired this with a Prime Rib and it was a decent pairing. The first half went with steak, the other half was the digestif. I liked this more and more as I sipped on it. This is definitely a beer one would appreciate the further they delved into its nuances and flavors. Not the most extreme, but maybe the best made."
"Beer is good. Happy beering."
"Not as sour as Rodenbach Grand Cru, more of a complex nuanced beast. Id say this is the best sour ale Ive yet sampled. Im a stickler for flavor complexity in beers and I can say Im more than satisfied with this amazing ale. Its worth the hefty price tag."
"Ruby color with a filmy head. Vibrant Flemish Sour aroma, cheese laden, with hints of coconut and wood, loads of fruits (cherries especially) and light malt. Distinctions and characteristics aromatically in Flemish Sours are always hard to pinpoint, but this particular one, from Italy, is very vibrant. Unbelievable balance of lactic and acedic acid, fruit, wood, sourness, along with a light coconut character, which I just love in beers."
"I know other reviews have liked this beer a good bit and I am goingt try to source it locally and give it some time in bottle. Notable that it is apparently only aged 3 months in cognac casks, versus up to 2 years for conventional flemish sour ales."
"This beer poured a clear, deep, copper color with creamy, light brown foam that settled slowly and clinged to the glass in a few places. The smell was nicely sour and tart with notes of wood and a touch of lactic acid and a hint of malt. The smell was very persistent. The taste was sour and tart with flavors from wood and notes of tart fruit and a hint of spiciness. The mouthfeel was very dry and tart with medium body and strong carbonation. A light tartness lingered on the tongue. This was a very nice and easy to drink Flanders style ale."
"Taste: Strange, even though the acidity seemed less present in the nose, it was there big time in the taste. The smoothness of the cask aging showed up nicely in the finish. As good a Flanders Red as you'll find anywhere, and hands down the best Beer to come out Italy that I've ever had."
"Fruit skins, pits, acidic, vinegar, mildy sweet up front, very dry finish. The overwhelming quality of this beer is that it is balanced - incredibly balanced. Medium bodied, but airy. Fantastic. I've never had a beer as balanced as this one."
"Aroma is vinegar, sour cherries and tart fruits. Reddish brown in color with thumb thick tan head. Fore is quite sour and musty and is followed quickly by tart cherries and unripe apple, strong notes of those baby corns, used in Oriental cooking, stewed in cooking wine. Wood notes pop out in the middle along with musty barnyard notes. Finish is sour and dry and leaves the tongue feeling cleansed. I personally feel this would have benefited by a little more sweetness beneath the sour notes as it hints at it and that promise is enticing, but undelivered."
"Mouthfeel is smooth and a bit slick with a really mellow carbonation that allows it to slide across the palate and into my beer lovin stomach. Quite the tasty flanders red here. It's easy to sit and adore a 750ml bottle of this fine Italian brew. Well worth the bigger price tag, Panil deserves praise for creating a truly tasty beer. Thanks to Shelton for bringing this over to the sour beer lovers like me in the US. Now that the bottle is almost gone....it's time to seek out more!"
"Cloudy toffee colour with a thin tan head. Good maltiness in the aroma, but this was overpowered by sour fruit, white grapes, and wood. Strong acidity and sour cherries in the flavour - still, a lot of fruit and malt character carry this one a long way. Very tasty with just a bit of caramel. Dry, puckering finish with a smooth texture for the style. Even though it's very tart, it still feels quite balanced due to the sweetness from the malt and fruit qualities. Thanks Kevin!"
"Thanks Kevin!"
"I was pretty excited to try this beer, as two of my favorites are of this style, but was really let down by the extreme flatness and the thin mouthfeel, plus the overwhelming funkiness was distracting from rather than increasing the complexity."
" Taste is sour, a little sweet, oaky, and vinuos. A smooth, not overpowering sour ale. Tastes great with these pork chops."
"Clear burgandy. Thin but frothy tan head. This dissipates to a nice looking collar that sticks around for the long haul. Beautiful nose for the style. A blend of sweet and sour that tantalizes. Bright sour cherry tones and an underlying brown sugar sweetness meld together nicely on the nose. Also notice some acidity in the aroma. A barrel derived tannic bite is present and adds a sharpness to the profile. To me, and I'm no expert on this style, the good Flanders Red Ales demonstrate a nice dynamic of sweet and sour. And this one has got just that. There's a little bit of a sticky molasses sweetness. Brown Sugar. Nice qualities. On the flip side, you've got tart cherry notes. Some light vinegar like sourness. And a barrel derived tannic bite that really adds a nice sharpness to it all. Great depth of flavor in this beer. Body is around medium and the carbonation lightly spritzy. LIGHTLY being the key word there. This traditional Flanders Red is quite enjoyable."
"Flavor is a lip puckering sourness of cherries and blackberries. Oddly though, the sourness kind of gathers toward the back of the mouth and not so much the lips. More of a pleasing sour than a painful negative one--kind of like Sourpatch Kids candies. Yeast comes out as mildyl pungent in the finish. Medium body that leans a bit thin--but appropriate for the style. Might just be me but I find it a bit granular as well. Nice dessert beer that is nice and drinkable."
"The flavor is tart cherries, and earthy. It is a bit yeasty and medicinal. It is medium-full in body, acidic and tart. It is not overpoweringly sour, but just about right. Thanks to stubob for sharing this bottle. A very nice brew...definitely want to revist this one again."
"mouthfeel is perfect, as is the sourness.. clean without a woody, leathery must. young, but insanely drinkable (for a FSR) in said youth. citric sourness like a yuzu fruit coats my throat on the way down and causes a serious twitch. hops seem to mildly accentuate the whole fresh vibe and creates an overall terrific sour red. gotta seek out more new reds like this and drink them asap."
"This beer is so much better as it warms, it's incredible. When I do another of these, I'll start drinking it at 60F. This was @ 50F when I started this time. As a Flanders Red ale, it's very approachable. I've certainly had much more sour beers. This is nicely complex, without being a jumble of Belgian funk. (Which I indeed love). So, to sum it up, it's very good, I wouldn't mind seeing a bit more funkiness and complexity, but I'd recommend it to anyone thinking of purchasing it."
"This is one I'll have to revisit to fully form an opinion. As of now, I didn't really think it lived up to the hype, which may be impossible, but anyway... A beautifully dark, almost purplish red color, no real head. Smell is of dark fruits - cherries, figs, other ripeness. A bit of tartness is detected but not your typical (for the style) nose-singeing abrasion. Taste is very mellow, yet complex. You can tell they were patient with this beer and let it age to where they wanted it. Very well rounded. Fruity notes, as discussed before. A nice tartness, and an excellent earthyness. Funky, and musty. Nice complexity added from the oak aging. Some wood and vanilla character in there. I'd recommend splitting the bottle though. I just went for it, and I usually have no problem with drinking a big bottle like this, but it just seemed to get sweeter and sweeter as I was drinking it. A real merlot-ish grapeyness to it that didn't really seem to help the beer in my opinion. Dry mouthfeel, but odd combined with that sweet fruityness. Interesting, for sure, but definately a stretch for the style and a challenge to any pallate. I just thought this one was full of flavor at first, but after a glass or so, your tongue gets used to it and it became a little one dimentional. I'll try it again sometime and see what I think then."
"Thanks Gabe!"
"750ml bottle, 2005 edition. This brew pours a murky brown with ruby tints. The head is large, fluffy and tan. There are vast rivers of carbonation rising to the top with such force they make the head shake and vibrate, causing it to pop and grown like an old house. I have never seen and heard a beer to this before. The aroma literally fills the room from the second the bottle cap is popped off. It is sweet and sour at the same time with oak penetrating everything. The taste is a battle between sour and sweet, in which the momentum is constantly shifting. The climax of this battle takes place during the swallow, where sour is the clear victor. Sweet doesn't give up though, skirmishing still takes place long after the swallow, and proves to be the most masterful part of the taste. The mouthfeel is one of the best I have ever felt (it is up there with Sam Smith's Oatmeal Stout and Black H2O by Minneapolis Town Hall). It is rich creamy and smooth, lending itself well to the fullness and rich flavors of the beer. Overall, this is a must have for every BA."
"Pours a deep brown color with ruby hues and a finger of tan head that falls to a quarter inch over top of the brew. Nose is awasome. Very nice balance of sour cherry, sour, deep woodyness. Very nice. Nothing is strong or overwhelming, just really enticing. Flavor is slightly puckering initially and right after the swallow. I get a darker, deeper flavor than other flanders reds. Highly enjoyable. Definate sour cherry is there. Wood notes come through more on the finish, rounding this one out very well. The feel is moderate with a moderate to active carbonation. It leaves a bit of sticky spit in my mouth. Incredibly drinkable beer. No hint of 8% alcohol. I really like the deepness of the flavor. It helps hold the cherry and sour in check a little. I like it and will get it again if I see it."
"This one pours a brown color with a perfect medium head with great retention and leaves some nice lacing on the glass. The aroma has a definate sourness with a lot of cherry and hints of wood. Smells nice. The flavor is very sour. Very sour. The cherries are definately there but the sourness takes the forefront. There is also a strong woody character that comes in with the cherries. The wood really comes throughthe more I drink - it gives it a strange flavor and mouthfeel. The mouthfeel is moderate to thick and the drinkability is good if you like sour beers. Sour beers aren't really my thing, but this is a good one."
"Poured into a Rapscallion glass, formed a 1"" of tan head over the deep burgundy brew. Head lasts nicely, with plentiful small bubbles helping in the preservation, with sticky lacing. Aroma has a grape bubble gum thing going on which, upon further examination, sorts itself into some serious sour notes coupled with some grape essences. The taste is tart upfront, but held in some semblence of a balance by the strong oak flavors and fruitiness as well. Mouthfeel and drinkability are superb for the style. I think this is one of the most approachable Flanders Reds that I have had. Very nice."
"Many thanks to AKSmokedPorter for the bottle!"
"The mouth leans toward puckering, but doesn't go too far. I like that in a Flanders. Thirst quenching like good lemonade, especially on a hot day like today. At $15.99+ a bottle, quite expensive, but if I had the cash to blow I could drink a few more."
"D-This is a nice complex red that has notes of cognac and oak along with a good depth of fruity notes. It has some accents of deep red wine and it has a great earthiness to it. Another great beer that can only be classified as a Flanders Red."
"Purple Label 750mL. Marvellous burgundy pour, beautiful light chocolate head, deep. Charming oak nose, chocolate soaked cherries gets in the path of the assertive leafy, branches woodiness. Clean fermentation, no apparent spiciness. Very vinous with a broad arrange of fruit touched, going from the berries to the grapes and pineapple. Incredible sweet and tart interplays transform your mouth into a carry-on euphoria state. Candyish at first, but quickly turning into a huge tart bite, we’re talking La Folie tart and maybe more. Huge lactic and acetic character, sharp balanced wood flavors, delicate cherry find their way, fleshy, still fresh. Hidden alcohol, stupendous and flawless balance, evoluting flavor development with bricks over bricks building a wall to perfection. Moderate carbonation level, lasting glorious aftertaste, medium bodied, sharp tart finish. Delicious and up there with the greatest oud bruins."
"*Highly Recommended*"
"BCTC 2005... Poured a murky, reddish, brown color with a small, off white head that left nice lacing on the glass. Aroma of chocolate, sour cherries, wood, and sweet caramel malts. Taste of wood, nuts, tart cherries, and finished with lots of dry wood."
"Quite tart at the end. Some burnt notes. Beginning of the sip has more fruity tastes. Overall taste not unlike Monk's Flemish Sour."
"Drinkability and Notes – It is drinkable to a point, after awhile the sourness builds up and the beer becomes less drinkable. The flavors are wonderful and complex, but avoid it if you are one of those people who are completely adverse to sour beers. I myself can’t handle the sourness of Cantillon beers, but this is nowhere near as intense. My favorite Flanders Red Ale to date, it’s a real winner, if only it wasn’t so expensive."
"I don't really know this beer yet, but the operatic clash of plump, pulpy fruit and relentless iron and acidity seems legitimate: no seams, no ego. It has a vulgar surface character that coexists with aristocratic soul. For now I have to believe this beer is perfect."
"What an absolutely exquisite brew, this has been done incredibly well. I was half expecting this to not live up to the hype, but I am thoroughly enjoying this beer and absolutely wishing that I had a lot more of it. All of the flavors in this beer are in such an harmonious balance, each flavor melds with and into the others making a complex satisfying whole. This beer combines a great sourness with a bit of earthy funkiness and lots of chewy malt notes all together to form a splendid tipple. Quite Burgundian indeed, this overtakes any Rodenbach product that I have had from the last 15 years."
"Really an instant classic considering how other once classics have either gone away or are now sweetened. I also have a case of Mestreechs Aajt and this kicks the crap out of that. My only note is that it seems a bit acetic, not enough to call a flaw but could do better if that was a bit more controlled."
"Exceptional in every possible way. Light reddish soda-coloured with a small head of off-white that held well with good retention and lacing. Aromas are classic Rodenbach/flemish red. Dark red ripe cherries and perhaps some raspberries, oak barrels, cognac and hints of other booze, vanilla, sour bretty framhouse funk, and more. Vinegar, milk, lemon, barngrass, horse blanket, cobwebs, whole spiders, who knows? Taste is a wonderful blend of funky brett flavors, sour acidic cherry notes, and vanilla oakiness with some boozy hints in the mix as well. totally artisinal and you can just feel the love that went into this beer with each and every sip. Lush carbonation is spirtzy and dry and just glides across your 'buds with ease. I did not want this beer to end, and wanted much much more of it, so indeed the drinkability is phenomenal as well. Truly an achievement in artisinal brewing. Killer, wicked stuff!"
"Very drinkable. If you like this style I would highly recommend it."
"Wow, I really could have this beer all night, which, as I said, is saying something pretty important when it comes to flander's reds. I love them, but after a while they just get kind of old. This one, however, does not...not in the least. Loads of cool flavors in this beer, and best of all, it's from a place where you wouldn't expect a beer of this style at all.."
"Mouthfeel was smooth and soft, and the sourness left my mouth watering and wanting more and more!! Only after maybe the 3rd sip of this did I detect a bit of warmth, even through all the warmth I was already feeling, from the alcohol going down into my tummy. Just what I needed, more heat, right? Ah, but the smell and taste more than made up for that. Drinkability I would say is very good, I could drink that all night if we had more and it weren't so expensive. It's a very refreshing brew and highly recommended, whether you're in the summer heat or the winter frost."
"Nice foamy head and a reddish brown body. Smelled of bourbon, fruit and sourness. Tasted fruity and was very sour with strong waves of oak bourbon. A very special and tasty brew, well worth trying if you can find it."
"It pours with a large beige foamy head. It is reddish-brown in color and quite cloudy. Highly effervescent, the head stays around and wraps a nice lace pattern on the glass. Woody and sour in the nose, those traits follow on the palate. An oaky sourness is very prominent up front and then finishes with a dry, fruity flavor....plum, I think. It stated that it was fermented in cognac & bordeaux barrels, but I got little of these flavors other than in the overall profile. Being a fan of the Flemish reds, I was quite impressed with this one from Italy. Wish we could get it here. Hope I get a chance to taste it again in the future."
"Medium body. But the aftertaste is excessively metallic and astringent."
