review_text
"Overall:  decent, but a bit on the sweet side, even for a Dortmunder."
"An average example of a Dortmunder. Fresh and elegant with a good balance of honeysuckle, pear and citrus aromatics nuanced with some Cajun notes. Delicate yet with a surprisingly long finish."
"330 ml. bottle. Golden colour, with a big creamy head that leaves a good lace. Smell of fruits, specially banana,  cloves. Palate is sweet, malty. Light body. Taste of ripened fruits, banana and cloves. Sweet finish."
""
""
""
""
"Not bad at all. Yeast bomb."
""
"O: Almost a German malt liquor/strong lager, but the pure malt flavour is much more desirable than adjuncts and that's what we get here. Aktien doesn't date so I was wary picking this up, but Dortmunder is a rare style, so I took the risk. Good beer, at under $3/500 mL, a fine pick up."
"This is perfectly good, but not outstanding in any way. Not something I'd buy often."
"Light in body with medium-high carbonation, this beer is solid but for the distressing lack of bitterness for which I shall have to penalize it. The body, though is great - while light, it manages to delicately coat the palate. Quite drinkable, I'd love to try it fresher. This really strikes me as a stale example of a Helles than it does of a pils."
"Hazed bronze with a decent looking bone colored head that leaves some gritty looking lace on the glass. The nose is bready and sweet with honey and mild hops. (Saaz?) hops and fresh doughy yeast with soft lemon and honey. Medium bodied with a fine mild cabonation. A tasty and heavy duty pils for sure."
"Yellow golden lager, with a pure white head. Strangely the aroma reminds me of boiled beetroot, which for me isnt a bad thing, but for a beer? After i get past my past! the scent is more malty doughy. The flavour is not beetroot but a fairly robust malt accented lager almost a Helles really. Honeyish and buscuity with a thick palate. It was an OK beer and would have got an extra point or two had it not been for a slightly cloying finish"
"3.5/4/4/4/4"
"The aroma is malty and sweet but not overpowering. The hops are floral and slightly herbal. The appearance is unique for a lager in that it's unfiltered and I like it. The color is golden with a two finger head. The flavor is rich with butter and malt and lightly bitter and herbal. It gives you the impression of herbal sour dough bread. The palate is a little thin but it's what you would expect from a lager. The flavor is consistent from start to finish with the aftertaste lingering a little. By far one of the best lagers I have had."
"Pours a clouded straw gold with a small white head. Nose is light, floral, and with a touch of lemon rind. Flavor is light and refreshing. Slight wheat-y edge with a touch of light sweetness and a slightly present lemon citrus edge. Feel is good. Light on the mouth and a typical carbonation putting tiny bubbles all over your tongue. Definitely drinkable. So light and refreshing, it'd be great on a hot summer day (as opposed to a blithering cold one which I am tasting it on). Worth a try!"
"German, half-liter bottle with 02.06 on the back label. It pours crystal-clear, gold, with light carbonation and an inch of white head that deposits decent lace. Lemony and spicy hops in the nose, with a backing of sweet malts, adjuncts?, and veggies. There is a faint graininess on the palate, with sweet malts, veggies, and flashes of green, almost citric, noble hops. The body is light, with medium carbonation and a fleeting finish. Almost comparable to PBR, really - their 4.9% pils (Jubiläums) is much better."
"Wonderful summer beer."
"This is a quality brew and I'm quite surprised I was able to find it at my local International food store."
"Notes: Kind of boring to be perfectly honest. I love german Pilseners and its arguably my favorite style and this one is really malted and unbalanced."
"Taste is more of the same, malt, honey & hops with a slight alcohol bloom. Medium bodied with a light effervescence, a decent beer but nothig special for me."
"Flavor is a nice malt, with a slightly stronger than it should be hops profile in the first sip. but as the half liter moves along, balance becomes a bit more even. The hops are a bit piney and weedy for my tastes, kind of stale in feel. It tastes fine, but just does not grab me. Lots of other German golden beers (Pilsener and otherwise) that are better. Not bad, worth a try, but don't expect a lot."
"The beer pours a pale gold color with a thick frothy white head that slowly fades to lacing. The aroma is decent. It has a light and crisp pale malt scent that is a bit musty and dry due to the lager yeast. It slightly bitter; bearing German style hops. The taste is decent as well. It has a light and slightly sweet pale malt flavor that goes down easy and finishes bitter and musty. It's clean and refreshing with a bitter hop aftertaste as well as a slight bisquity flavor. The mouthfeel is fine. It is a low bodied beer with good carbonation. This is a fine German pilsner. It is an easy drinker. I prefer a Czech pilsner though."
"Overall: Similar to other beers that I have had from this Brewery, which I find, is light in character, yet extremely drinkable. This is no mold-breaking beer – but it is worth a try."
