review_text
"Serving type: bottle."
""
""
""
"This one is a pretty steady lager. A bit earthy, but that's okay. It gives it some spunk and character. Lagers seem to be so one dimensional or uninteresting, but this one is certainly not that. Nice body; nice width of a flavor profile. I can dig it."
"A pretty uninteresting beer. Not actively bad tasting but pretty much a liquid yawn."
"Drank in memoriam of Randy ""Macho Man"" Savage near Lake Shasta. Dig it!"
"Nothing mellow about this, more of a chalky and severe style. An odd murkiness that does not do much for drinkability. More of a funikfied Belgian hint to it than a usual German kind of beer."
"Picked this up solely because it said is was ""100% Vegan", just kidding, but I thought that was a nice touch if trying to be funny, if not, get over yourself. I love shasta, best wedding of my life was there, so on that note, I went into this wanting to like this, but overall this was a bit average. Poured nice and cloudy, expecting some taste, but overall average. This was drinkable based on the style, and wouldn't pass this up if it was handed to me, I was just hoping for more."
"D - A nicely made lager, very enjoyable. Nothing crazy out of the ordinary, but it does have a bit of a unique twist."
"The taste is lemon, grain, herbs. The charatcer is solid and full-bodied, light sweetness with a zesty, slightly spicey bitterness that just dominates by the finish and lingers lightly like lemon zest, along with some grass and light spiciness. It is solid and firm, with good depth, a full, well-rounded feel, yet luight, crips, zesty character. It is perhaps slightly on the bitter, lemony side, but not much."
" keep 'em coming."
"Drinkability- Quite a tasty lager. Not sure I listed it under the proper category, but it's definitely not a adjunct lager. I really enjoyed it. Possible pilsner...."
"D - Good. This is a very original take on the lager style. Lots of grassy hops."
"The aroma was of biscuit malts and a slight yeast smell. The taste was malty all the way with a sort of lemony finish. In the mouth it was thin and crisp. Overall not really fond of this style but it was enjoyable non the less."
"Taste is well balanced, starts out biscuity with some lemon zest then slowly transitions to a light hop presence, very light and crisp, perfect for summer."
"22 oz bottle. Nice golden yellow colour, with a slight haze about it, good long lasting thick head. Soft grassy aromas, doughy too,caramel. Doughy thick flavour,biscuity, sweet thick malts, some under pinning of hop. Very nice palate, nice long lasting peppery bitterness in the after taste. Overall I thought this a very intresting beer. I thought if anything it was a helles style lager."
"D: Not quite 'majestic' like the label describes, but tasty and easy to drink. An interesting take on the all-malt lager, with a 'roughness' that I found kind of appealing. As this is my second one in a couple weeks, I'd say it's good enough to get on occasion and definitely worth a try."
"The balance of the malt and hops, which endure to the nice finish, create a very enjoyable lager with character."
"Drinkability is good. This actually comes off a being a bit too strong to be sessionable. But it is a tasty lager that is worth a try, pretty thirst quenching, and would be a pretty nice beer for the warmth of summer."
