review_text
""
"The flavor has a similarity to roasted barley beverages such as postum, cafix, etc. For reasons that should be obvious."
"Overall: It's not beer folks, it can't be. This tastes like the dark toxic runoff from Willy Wonka's factory. Useful for inducing immediate onset diabetes or keeping 7-year-olds awake for weeks...not really fit for consumption."
"Overall: Take away the mild harsh finish and you're left with a decent malt."
"D - At first I was shocked and appalled at the super-sugary flavor, but then the more I sipped the more I started to enjoy this for what it is. This is a desert-like substance that is best enjoyed in very small sips and thoroughly iced down. The bottles that I bought are about 8oz and IMO that's just about enough. I actually ended up really enjoying this... stuff... whatever it is."
"This would make a very nice contribution to a marinade or stock base, used like mirin or sherry."
"A worthwhile cultural treat, but I couldn't finish it. Certainly not something I would readily try again."
"Mouthfeel borders on syrupy and the carbonation is thin. Honestly, this is way too sweet for me and it started to upset my stomach after only a few sips. I tried it, I did not like it."
"I’m surprised to see this on this site. I like to recommend this soda to friends at Mexican restaurants and laugh at them when they turn green after the first sip. This is not a beer and doesn’t seem to fit with the low abv beer category. I believe the (up to) .5% abv is just a side affect of the process in which this is made, not the intention. I bought my first bottle when I was 17 or so and wasn’t carded as one would be if buying near beer. At any rate, this is a rather interesting beverage that I do not particularly care for but do respect for its uniqueness. I would describe the entire experience, from appearances, to aromas, to flavor as drinking watered down molasses. This is a hard one to down if you’re not used to it so it’s a good thing that it comes in a teeny tiny bottle. Some caramel and a general damp barley quality enter into play too but molasses dominates the day. Strange, strange brew."
"-prsaxman"
"Reflection: Many of the people I work with grew up drinking malty sodas and they recommened this one to me to try. It smells good but its way to sweet for my taste."
"2/15/05 After trying 2 Munich dunkels, I'd have to say that Malta India is closest in style to a Munich dunkel."
"Words can not explain the atrociousness of this drink. Pours like 10W30. Smells like the aftermath of a skunk vomit war. Tastes like barnyard dysentery discharge. I cannot feel my mouth now. Not drinkable. At all. I would rather drink a bucket of diarrhea."
"Tried this at lunch at a Cuban restaurant on a recent visit to South Florida. Had never heard of it, but saw it on the menu & decided to try it. Should have known better when the waitress brought out a glass of ice with it & poured it over the ice. Managed to drink about 3/4 of it (along with liberal sips of water). Strange slightly sweet taste that lasted the rest of the day. Absolutely horrid."
