review_text
""
""
""
"I got an itch to try some non-alcoholic beers, and when I saw this at the market for $2.99/sixer, I figured for that low a price, how could I lose? After drinking this, I feel like I totally wasted $2.99!"
"Poured from a 12 oz. can. Has a very pale yellow color with no head to speak of. Smell was also virtually non-existent, a hint of grains. Taste was also weak, to put it mildly. A bit metalllic, slight bitterness. Feels watery in the mouth and has average drinkability. Maybe it is just this style, but I didn't enjoy this beer at all."
"I had an initial pour of just under a finger's worth of bubbling, bone-white head that tried to reduce to wisps but could not quite achieve it. Instead, I got a film of head that CANtinued to bubble and burble away. Color was a light golden-yellow with NE-quality clarity. Nose reminded me of an adjunct lager in terms of its inherent honey and grain-like sweetness. Mouthfeel was much too thin to be of any merit. Way watery and I CANnot forgive that! Still, it had a light sweetness, lager-like, albeit muted. Finish was pleasant, slightly refreshing, worth drinking, if you are in the mood for an N. A. beer, as my uncle was this past Saturday, then this has to rank up there, in my book, for the style. Put this in your cooler for the people who request such things."
"From can no. 0610-R-10:25. Sampled on May 23, 2010. About the only thing you can say about NA or LA beers is that they moisten your throat on a hot day. Pale straw colored pour followed with quickly dissolving fizzy white head and no lacing. The aroma is like malt-flavored water and the taste is a bit more grainy but also very much like malt-flavored water. Thin mouthfeel. There is not much else to say about it."
"Not as offensive as I thought it would be. Less of the ""ginger ale"" taste and more of the malty, grainy beer flavor. I suppose you could enjoy this more than a few other NA beers that I've reviewed."
"Drinkability: Terrible! Some of these NA beers can be quite ghastly. And needlessly so!"
"From a 12oz can - Pours a clear light pale yellow. Not pretty at all. Smells exactly like an ashtray or cigar smoke. Worst smelling beer ever! Below average carbonation. First sip is almost flavorless with just a tad of hops and malts ...almost water like. I can not imagine consuming this product."
"Genesee NA pours a very pale straw color with a thick fluffy white head from a twelve ounce can. Doesn't smell very good, a bit sulfury. Well, I really want to say it hardly tastes like anything. Maybe a slight sour flavor, and some leftover chemical flavor. Not recommended."
"Pouered a pale yellow with large white puffy head that quickly faded. Smell is so minmal as to almost non-existent, with maybe a slight sweetness present. Taste is also very minimal with a starnge sweetish texture. Finish is somewhat unpleasant. There are much better NA's avaliable."
"I tried mixing this with a shot of liquor, and two sips later , down the sink it went. Steer clear of this ""brew"" unless soda water that tastes metallic and a little sour is your thing. Go with Old Milwaukee NA, at least that resembles beer!"
