review_text
""
""
""
""
""
""
"D: Remove the weird sweetness and this would pass nicely for a typical EPL. One of the better NA beers I've had."
"Huh, taste is odd without any alcohol. It is noticeable. But this is honestly better that bud light. It's got a light toastiness and decent light malt to it. It's a bit hard to drink, but the carbonation isn't too strong so it's fairly easy to drink."
"I've had many NA beers over the years and this is in the top two. The hop presence, though scant, was a pleasant surprise, and the appearance and taste is good for an NA. I would buy this out of desperation if I was stuck in a dry county for a year and couldn't buy beer. I wouldn't be happy, but I'd be experiencing a feeling of 'better than nothing' well-being."
"T-It actually taste like a cider. It's really not good. Even just as a drink, take out the fact that it's not really a beer, it's crisp and bubbly, but has a sour cider taste. But I've never really had a NA before, so I'm not sure what they're supposed to be like. So I will say that this is a solid attempt, if anything."
"D-I'm damn impressed with this. I guarantee you could pour this into a glass for your macro drinking buddy and tell him it is Beck's light or something and he'd never know the difference. The best NA beer I have ever had. Highly recommended for the style. Scores reflect impressions for the style but this actually tastes better than most crap light beer out there..I'd be curious to know the calories in this as it seems to be a bit more substantial than most in this style even though it is a pilsner like beer. What makes this even more interesting to me is I don't really care for Beck's in general but this is a great NA"
"It can be drink but there's nothing to be impress about."
"D: What's the point?"
"I imagine if I poured this out it would be crystal clear with minimal head. Slight brown tinge. Aroma is a tiny bit of caramel. There is a brief artificial bitterness that fades to adjunct flavors (rice?) and a wisp of sweet caramel reminiscent of Malta Goya and Malta India that was completely out of place -- like adding a little Coke to your piss beer, it was nasty. Body is thin, weak and limp. It's been awhile since my last NA beer, but this one really sucked."
"Update: OK I'm back to real beer by now, but there was a bottle of this leftover in the fridge so I had it with lunch... who am I kidding? This stuff is garbage. Skunky dishwater. Scores scaled down accordingly, to provide a compromise between my two distinctly different impressions. It's still Beck's finest, though; God what a horrid brewery they are."
"Due to an injury I am off alcohol for a month so I put a six of Beck's NA in the fridge. This is very drinkable and almost like a regular Becks. the grassy nose is there and the midbody has real taste. I miss real beer but this NA brew at least resembles a euro lager."
"Part 3 of my most successful mixed sixer run to the Village Bottle Shoppe in West Lafayette, IN. I'm pretty sure, in fact 99% sure, that I've never had a NA beer. So I'm pretty excited to try it. After popping the cap I get a massive dose of Heine like skunkyness. At least there beer already has more character than Bud Light. Appearance is that of a typical macro lager only the head consists of smaller bubbles that don't resemble soap bubbles. Aroma is like I mentioned; skunky, but there is also a faint malt aroma. Taste is clean and balanced. I don't get any hint of DMS at all. In fact it tastes very similiar to Warsteiner. Not bad by any means. Mouthfeel is a bit thin but what else would you expect? This was much better than I thought it would be. I'd take it over BMC any day. A pleasant surprise and when it's my turn to be a DD, I'll be looking for this one."
"As a designated driver, I was looking for something other than soda-pop....I'd never heard of Haake-Beck. What a terrific surprise. Pours a clear, golden color with a nice head. The aroma is grainy with a slight and simple bit of hops. Taste is grainy and a bit grassy. Not a lot of malt, and nothing special, but there is a taste (which is a lot more than I expected). The mouthfeel is watery, but has more heft than most light beers. A drinkable NA beer....hallelujah!"
"Haake Beck NA was a clear gold color with a rich creamy head wuth lots of soapy lace. The aroma was grainy and a little skunky. The taste was grainy and a bit sweet. The dry finish had some sweetness and astringency. If this beer tasted as good as it looked it would be a pretty decent NA beer. Nevertheless it isn't too bad on busy hot summer days when you want a beer (any beer), but no alcohol."
"Nice enough for what it is."
"Notes: This is perhaps the best NA beer I have ever had, no horribly offensive like most other NA beers  nothing great either."
"Reminded me of beer....but alas is not!"
"I tried this on a N/A kick. I like Beck's so I was looking forward to trying this. It looks and pours like normal. Taste is lightly malty, very spritzy. This is not bad for the style, but i'll pass on this in the future. I'll eat the 30 or so calories and get the taste."
"Straw colored with a small snow-white head and abundant carbonation, good lace, appearance resembles that of a Pilsener. Aroma of caramel, cooked vegetables, hops and yes, a hint of skunkiness. Taste begins with a slight sting of carbonation, and slightly tart malt, finishes with a crisp hop bitterness. Mouthfeel is creamy. Remarkably good for an NA beer. I have remarked that Germany is incapable of producing a bad beer, this seems to apply to NA beers as well."
"Ingredients: Malts, Hops, Water. Quite impressive for a non-alcoholic beer. Pours a golden colour topped by an average white head that settles quite easily. Aroma and taste are malty. This beer goes down like water. It does NOT have a watery taste though. Poor carbonation, as someone would expect. Quality non-alcoholic beer by Beck's."
"Sweet water aroma primarily, but initially had some nice European lager hops smell (faded very quickly).  Smallish head, very fizzy, gold and window clear.  Seems a little less water than many others.  Full carbonation to the mouth feel helps distract from taste, and it has some smoothness to it.  There is some maltiness to flavor, especially up front, but it becomes an unpleasant bitter flavor at the finish.  Better than many.  If I had to I could do 1 or 2 of these."
