review_text
""
"Penn's Best is now my favorite N/A beer and the price is very good."
"Poured from a 12 oz. can. Has a light golden color with a 1/2 inch head and high carbonation. Smell is very mild, some corn notes. Taste is virtually non-existent, nothing offensive, just very weak beer flavored water. Feels light in the mouth and overall left me wanting a beer."
"Thanks Woody..."
"I got it poured into a glass, I left it briefly to settle so that I could pour the remainder out of the CAN and the head completely disappeared! Color was an odd pale golden-yellow. It was not as light as lemon-yellow, nor was it as deep as a gold. Interesting, plus it had NE-quality clarity, which is expected. Nose was cereal sweet, but I am thinking that is more the standard for the style and almost to be expected. Mouthfeel was thin-to-medium with a light lager-like taste on the tongue. Finish was lightly sweet and somewhat tasty. Not bad, but not cooler worthy, either."
"Penn's Best N.A. is a Low Alcohol Beer, brewed by the Pittsburgh Brewing Co. This brew has an ABV of less than 0.05%  I got may hands on some of these for free and said why not. This brew pours out a light amber color with a small head. The smell is light with grains and malts.  The taste is light, with a hit of malts and grains. The mouthfeel are just like beer with water. Penn's Beast N.A. is a clean and smooth brew. I would drink this brew if I wanted a brew with out the buzz. This beer is just what it is Low alcohol. Overall I'm giving this brew a 3.5 out of 5."
"Drinkability: So clean and mild that it's a very empty experience. If a fine beer is a rich, vibrant oil painting, than an NA beer is a blank sheet of white paper."
"D- The drinkability is obviously pretty high considering the low amount of alcohol. It is a decent No Alcohol beer that is one of the better that I have had within the style."
"Appears a pale straw hue with a large white quickly dwindling head. Aromatics provide tart acidity and mild corn and rice sweetness. I'm also getting some apple juice like tones as well, kinda smells like a Jolly Pumpkin brew minus the oak barrel effects, yeah right. Flavor is no really beer like again more tartness mild sweetness some apple juice like flavors arise in the taste. No real hop character going on, yep another nonalcoholic brew not worth drinking. I picked this one up for my pregnant wife while on vactation as a novelty. Mouthfeel is carbonated water. Drinkability overall is piss poor, what's the point. At least if it tasted good we need some non alcoholic imperial ipa's on the market."
"For the price, you know, this really is a pretty decent NA so it gets a higher score for price/drinkability. It's another NA I'd pick up if OMNA is not available."
"Ready for the price? 89 cents for a can at Total Wine in Midlothian."
"picked up a six-pack to use as spacers for a Sunday afternoon picnic. Poured a medium amber color with white puffy head. Smells a little sweet with some malt noted. Taste is extremely light, but at least not offensvive. Finishes very refreshing. For an NA beer, this one is pretty good."
"My wife picked this up from the supermarket the other day. Granted, I didn’t expect much, but this is a fairly drinkable NA beer. It’s light yellow, with excessive carbonation. Thin head that quickly falls to nothingness. It’s got the expected wateriness, and the look and feel of an adjunct lager. Aroma and finish have a nice hoppiness, and there’s a grainy feel to the beer as well. I’m not asking her to buy any more (still not sure what she was thinking), but it wasn’t undrinkable."
