review_text
"I wonder why NA beer can't have more flavor and mouth feel. Can't you boil up an IPA and just bottle it sterile?"
""
""
"I tried this as I've been drinking regular Old Milwaukee lately as think it's fine and I wanted something for my weekly alcohol-free day. This near-beer is very poor in comparison. Very watery and a bit nasty with acres of foam. Throwing out the rest of the case."
""
""
""
"O: This beer seemed a little more drinkable compared to some of the other non-alcoholic beers that I've tried because it didn't have any astringent chemical-like aromas or flavors."
""
"O=It has been years since I drank a lot of NA beers, and my recollection was that the German beers were far superior to the domestic offerings...still, I recall O'Doul's being undrinkable, and this is a bit superior...I still have half the 12-pack left, which will be reserved for snakebites and mixing with the On Tap additives to see if I can find a better flavor. I won't buy this one again."
""
"Date on bottom of the can Dec 0213."
""
"Grainy and biscuit malts in the taste but no lingering anything. It is only 58 calories so that is a good thing."
""
"Funny, something tells me the whole Spelunky drinking challenge isn't gonna work all that well with a non-alcoholic offering... Oh well. This stuff pours a clear sallow topped by a finger of lightly off-white foam. The nose comprises malted barley (fresh from the sack, baby) and lightly-funky water. The taste mostly resembles water, though a twinge of funky, stale ""beer"" tossed in for appearances' sake. Honestly, I have no other way to describe this stuff. The body is quite light, with a moderate carbonation and a very watery feel. Overall, I find it difficult to refer to this as beer, even a non-alcoholic one. It seems more like beer-flavored water than anything. I can't imagine why anyone would ever drink this stuff purposely."
"Poured from a 12 oz. can. Has a light golden color with a 1/2 inch head, very highly carbonated. Smell is mild, some corn and grains. Taste is very mild, some light hints of corn, a touch of grain, lacking in flavor. Feels light in the mouth and overall left me wanting a beer."
"It is what it is."
"Spotted at a local dive bar I was inclined to try something shitty...I thought it was the red label but it was the NA. Here it goes pours a pale fizzy yellow golden color with a bright white head quickly dwindling away. Aroma has a pale malt sweetness with no real hop or spice to it just simply cooked vegetables at the basic meaning. Flavor is horrid cooked corn basically the worst tasting anyting creamed corn related in liquid form I will never go NA when it comes to beer I would rather cut out alcohol than go NA. This is horrible tasting liquid, horrible rancid finish high uncomfortable carbonation light bodied fizzy beer. Sorry I usually try to enjoy these types of reviews this one just isn't enjoyable in any sense."
"It pours a clear, palest shade of yellow, with overly foamy, detergent-like head. Head lasts a surprisingly long time. It also laces the glass beautifuly. The scent at first was wet hay or grass, then rice. The problem here is it's nearly tasteless! That is, it doesn't offend, it's crisp but not ""beery"" no hops, no barley malt, perhaps just fermented Rice Krispies! No lingering aftertaste. Best point, you can drink all you can stand to drink!"
"My pour produced two fingers' worth of rocky, bone-white head with moderate retention. Color was a pale straw-yellow with NE-quality clarity. Nose had a foul rankness, like rotting vegetable matter. No kidding, it would have gagged a maggot! Ooof. The mouthfeel was thin, kind of watery and the taste remninded me of Wheaties, albeit fermented. Not a pleasant taste. The underside of the CAN read ""SEP 27 2010"" so freshness was not a factor in this gag-a-thon. Finish left me with buyer's/drinker's remorse and not much beyond that. I believe that this was my seventh or eighth N.A. beer on The CANQuest (TM) and it was hands-down the worst!"
"Drinkability - You have to be kidding me, why would anyone even finish this one?"
"D: Very good only if you have to drive cars."
"Aside from the smell, this brew drinks OK. Just leave it in the can."
"Drinkability: Hard to adequately critique as there was hardly anything there. Sure, there's almost no alcohol, but there's almost no resemblance to actual beer, so I don't really understand the appeal."
"Not bad. Actually drinkable. Inoffensive. Kind of like Old Milwaukee, but with less alcohol."
"This is the only NA I've ever had. It's not bad, but I'll stick to regular beer"
"Not a bad beer for when you want a beer, but don't want the alcohol. A really easy drinker. I look forward to my other 5 cans."
"Drinkability- Alright when you are craving a beer but aren’t aloud to have alcohol."
"To me it really seemed like something was missing, obviously that would be alcohol, and anything that happens in the fermentation process. It tasted grassy. Plant-like and green. It didnt seem to taste like hops, but maybe that was the flavor, and I'm just not used to tasting hops before theyve been turned into real beer. But anyways, it actually wasnt an awful of an experience as I thought it would be, its not a good flavorful drink, but its not terrible either. Grassy, not-quite-done, watery. That pretty much rounds things up."
"Old Milwaukee NA pours a crystal-clear and very light straw-gold body beneath a finger-thick head of frothy bright-white foam. The head retention is fair, and it even leaves some partial walls of tiny, sticky spots at the beginning of the glass. The aroma offers a bit of harshness, which is odd for a light beer or non-alcoholic, and it seems almost like a note of acetone... perhaps it's from high fermentation temperatures. It's light bodied and gently crisp in the mouth. The flavor displays a nice malt base, but again has some odd character beneath it. The only hops present are way in the background; and it's not particularly bitter, either, but still balanced. It leaves the mouth dry, and borderline astringent, with a dull, residual note of cereal."
"Drinkable, but there are better ones out there."
"Old Milwaukee NA pours a very light straw color with a thick fluffy white head. Smells like vegetables and maybe rice, it's kind of musty smelling. Very light flavor, sparkling carbonation. A little sweet, a very watered down beer flavor. Some metallic flavors. Doesn't taste as heinous as I had imagined. If you can't drink beer, I guess this is a reasonable alternative."
"M: The mouthfeel is thinner than water."
"One of the better, more drinkable N/A beers. This is the one I buy when I want to drink a bunch of them over a long period of time. As a bonus, it's pretty cheap."
"Beer for a select consumers, very very low in alcohol, well that say the brewer, is down in the light beer segment, a beer for womens too, good for mexican and american food, smell like a cheaper beer, smell too, mouthfeel a little of hops and malt, drinkability not recommendable."
"I haven't had a whole lot of NA's so I tried to keep the style and characteristics in mind when reviewing this beer. It pours a very light caramel color and has a surprising nice head that doens't recede much at all and has moderate carbonation. You wouldn't know it's a NA based on the smell. Mouthfeel is nicely carbonated and is a little sweet. Taste is only average and again I tried to keep the style in mind. Low alcohol is gonna have less taste. Clausthaler and Kaliber are exceptions. Overall I think I this a pretty good beer for a NA. You won't ever get a buzz from this stuff, but it's nice to have once in a great while."
"Pale yellow, completely clear, with an unstable white head. This brew is highly carbonated and lowly flavored. It’s watery, thin, and tasteless. There may be a hint of grain, but no notable presence of hops or malt. Tinny, almost metallic off-taste. Since my wife started buying NA beer (from time to time), my tolerance for them has increased. This one, however, has got to be the worst example of the style. There is no joy in drinking this brew."
"This beer had a far larger head than I was expecting, and it was a clear golden yellow color. It didn't have an especially strong aroma, but smelled a little sweet, not very hoppy. I really didn't think it had much of a taste, just a small hint of malt, otherwise it was like yellow carbonated water, for the most part. As for mouthfeel, it was alright, slightly carbonated, really felt fairly similar to water in my opinion. It's a very drinkable beer, it certainly goes down smoothly, but there are definetly better non-alcoholic beers out there. If you wanted to drink beer but had to drive somewhere, this might be a decent choice."
"Drinkability/notes: Not a bad choice wherever beer consumption is inappropriate, however, there are better non-alcoholic beers to be had. Might be a good choice if you want to drink beer while working outside on a hot summer day, but avoid the ""buzz"". It is certainly more refreshing than a soft drink."
"Taste? Sweet, with plenty of grainy-adjunct flavors,and when finishing, resembles a beverage that I like to drink called BEER. I remember Sharps being sweet like OM NA but the difference was Sharps after a few sips, made me want to toss it out. OM scores on the drinkability category because I drank another and another and when really cold, tasted good enough to fool me. Of course, you have to like cheap beers like PBR and Busch and Falls City to appreciate it because it's like a cheapy, but when I go to Pitt late night, I'm going to get it again. Then on Sat I'm going to buy REAL BEER from a distributer."
"This is not a bad example of non alcoholic beer. Although this brew is fairly typical of the American pale lager style, that is not to say that it does not look and taste any worse than the average of that style. As expected, this has a pale gold body with a white head that is minimal and quickly receding. Still, the lace effect from the residual is not bad. The aroma is mostly malt with only a small adjunct sense and the taste is of a sweet malt base. A bit thin and overly carbonated on feel. Limited drinkability due mainly to lack of any strong taste qualities."
"This NA is a nice alternative to gingerale on a night out with the keys in your pocket.."
"Looks and pours like an regular American lager. Taste is surprisingly smooth and malty. Lots of carbonation. I'm drinking this right now and I can't believe how good it tastes. Definately above average for the type. The best N/A I have come across so far."
"Had to try this, why not? The light version is pretty aweful too. Has a malt taste, but does not taste like beer. It tastes like someone swirled bad kool-aid into a pitcher of carbonated water."
"Initially a nice light malt aroma that eventually takes on the slightly metalic quality of most NA's.  Big full head.  Clear light gold color of Am. Lager.  Taste isn't a whole lot different than most for style.  Has initial malt taste that quickly leaves for a waterery metalic flavor with a quick and rather sugary sweet flavor then a tinny finish for the whole mouth.  Watery thin.  Nothing exceptional or particularly better than the rest."
"I tried ths beverage in the early 1990's when NA's hit the mainstream market in earnest and was impressed with it's authentic ""beer flavor"". It tasted the most like alcoholic beer among the offerings of the time (Sharp's, O'douls, Coors Cutter).  I just found it again in the grocery store and thought I'd give it a try again. It was even better than I remember it. It has less of a mineral water mouthfeel now. It has a slight hop nose and corn sweetness with hints of malt. It still has a bit of that NA ""weird"" flavor, but not as bad as some B/M/C nonalcoholic brews."
