review_text
""
""
"I pretty much effect when putting in tulip, gradually forming the fragrant foam; as my mother said, ""until the foam leaves us dizzy."" It is a true bock, but I'm not refined taste for it, dropping the cost-benefit to me. Thanks curiosity!"
""
"Good weizenbock, among the best of the beers produced by Eisenbahn. Good balance between drinkability and flavor."
"Overall Impression: A good malt bomb that has some interesting wheat and weizen yeast character to make it unique. Flavors of a doppelbock married to a weizen, this beer sports an 8.0% ABV that, to its credit, you feel but don't taste."
""
""
""
"O: Easy drinking beer despite the 8% ABV. Well done Weizenbock. Another good surprise from Eisenbahn"
""
"While there are a few good things about this beer to enjoy, it ultimately falls short for me. It's drinkable enough and I find it mellows over time. Not terrible."
""
""
""
""
""
"Some big spice balanced by very soft body. Not deep, but goes down dangerously easy for the strength. Don't get much actual wheat character, but still a solid weizenbock."
"Cheers!"
"Overall, drinkable, but not too exciting."
"D: Good but I can't shake the similarity to diet soda. Hmmmm....not sure what to think of this."
"It is fairly thin and faintly watery. It initially comes off as a thicker triple, but that is not the case."
"D: A good weizenbock, not super complex or estery, but it's a solid effort."
"Conclusion: Back to the drawing board with this one I'm afraid."
"Pours a clear, dark brown color. 1/4 inch head of an off-white color. Slight retention and poor lacing. Smells of sweet malt, dark citrus, yeast, slight alcohol, and hint of wheat. Fits the style of a Weizenbock. Mouth feel is smooth and clean, with an average carbonation level. Tastes of alcohol, sweet malt, slight dark citrus, and yeast. Overall, lacking in body, but good blend and aroma."
"Weak doesn't equal offensive. It needs a bit more balance, like more malt on the front but it's not a bad drop."
"A really good weizenbock. One of the best non-German examples I've had. Eisenbahn again show their skills in producing fine examples of classic styles."
"D - Weizenbock? More like a dopplebock. I got very little wheat flavors."
"German style of beer, as you can plainly notice in the name and city it's brewed. Culture done well; on both sides of the playing field."
"This beer is very easy to drink and a very good example of the style."
"Nice, but as mentioned, nothing spectacular, but well worthwhile if you happen to have one fresh in hands."
"In short, an outstanding weizenbock. I don´t know how fresh it is in the states, but in Brazil, it is exceptional!"
"Overall: This isn't a bad beer, but certainly isn't what I would like in a Weizenbock. It's rather one-dimensional and thin. I don't want to come off as a style Nazi, but I expect more bready complexity and stone fruit, and more esters and phenols, from a Weizenbock."
"Drinkability: The is batch 03 so I am guessing it has been a slow mover but I found that the age allowed the heat to settle down and bring the flavors to the front; rather enjoyable"
"D - Better then I expected after tasting the SAPA first overall I thinks its pretty good and to style worth trying sometime"
"The bottle i have is different to this one but its still the same ABV and style so prob just some new labeling,the beer pours a murky brown honeyish colour with average carbonation that leaves a fast vanishing one finger head,it has aromas of sweet sticky date pudding and some alcohol laced candy,it has an average mouthfeel and the palette is flooded with tastes of fruitcake and xmas pudding not bad,not a beer i could drink all night but not bad."
"disappointing overall"
"Pleasant but nothing special."
"D - This is a decent weizenbock. I'm perhaps not enjoying it at the right time of year, but it's tasty nonetheless. I have rarely been disappointed by this brewery."
"So far, this month's choices are looking better than last month's."
"My fridge is at 39 degrees and I thought that maybe that was too cold for this beer so I let the glass sit for a few minutes before drinking any more. When I got back to it, it was easier to taste more of the wheaty taste and maltiness. It was still pretty sweet but still totally drinkable. This seems like a beer better for just plain drinking rather than sipping and analyzing- so I'm just gonna drink it up! I only have one bottle so I don't know what it'd be like to drink a bunch in a row. I think it would be good, though."
"Vigorosa is an okay Weizenbock that suffers from comparisons to the top beers of the style. Aventinus and the relatively new Weihenstephaner Vitus really blow this beer out of the water. It's certainly not a bad beer. It's just sort of simple and unsophisticated in comparison to the big German entries, which happen to be a couple of my very favorite beers. Anyway, this beer looks pretty good, red amber liquid with a dissipating beige head. There are some good wheat and fruit notes in the nose, but they're a bit restrained. There just isn't enough depth The flavor is too sweet and cloying for my taste. The flavors are syrupy clove, ripe banana and caramel malt. There are also some unpleasant alcohol notes. It's not sharp, but there's just a bit of a rubbing alcohol flavor around the edges. I sound down on this beer, but I think it's good. It's just not great."
"I sure hope I got a bad batch of this beer and not all of these taste like this. I have no idea what other batches taste like, but batch 10 relied too much on the alcohol to get it through. If any of the other batches taste like this, then I fully doubt I'd ever drink this beer again."
"This beer poured with a reddish-brown body with a fluffy white head that dissipated slowly. The aroma was of caramel, banana, and clove. The flavor was pretty much the same with some chocolate also coming through. This tasted similar to an Aventinus to me, but the alcohol was more present in the taste than an Aventinus. Decent, but needs a little more refining."
"Ruddy ruby and amber color. Somewhat viscous looking liquid, but when you hold this cola looking beer up to the light, you can see a nice column of bubbles rising to the top. Great aromas of plum, bread, clove, banana, and even some faint bubblegum. Hops aren't noticeable in the nose or taste, But the sweet, fruity yeast or carmelized malt is not cloying at all. Great banana bread combo of yeast and malt upfront. Good carbonation lets the 8% abv give some kiwi fruit flavors. But the alcohol doesn't add a warming feeling to the mouthfeel. Pretty fruity, the wheat and east flavors are shown in full glory with this beer. Plus the deceptive alcohol that mingles very well with the rest of the flavors."
"D: Where is the alcohol? Who cares! This is a great example of the style and will do time in my fridge again..."
"Medium body, carbonation seems a bit low for the style. Pretty nice and enjoyable."
"Drinkability: nothing bad about this beer, but the fruity taste can get annoying after a while; 2 beers is good"
"Overall, a very nice, well balanced beer. It's no Vitus, but not bad at all."
"Prosit und Zum Wohl, MK"
"Drinks pretty easy for the style & ABV, not a bad weizenbock at all"
"The brewery calls it a wheat doppelbock and it is a good at that. The color is a little paler than a normal doppelbock but still has a rich copper hue. It's unfiltered but the yeast was packed pretty tight on the bottom and little clouded up the beer. An aroma of toast, light caramel and some plum come out at first and later some earthy spice notes were detected. Very inviting. The mouthfeel is smooth and fluffs up like a friendly pillow. The flavor is clean with great light caramel malts, moderate bitterness and is well balanced. Overall, I was rather impressed with this one and found it quite drinkable. But, it is not like Aventinus or other Weizenbocks. More like a light doppelbock."
"Even though this beer weighs in at a generous 8%, the alcohol is masterfully hidden. This fairly sweet beer could use more carbonation-- the size of the bubbles is good right now; it could just use a lot more of them. I think it could also use more phenolic spiciness. There's not enough weizen in this weizenbock."
"Drinkability: A fairly tasty weizenbock with a keen drinkability."
"D: Not bad, an overall good brew."
"Once again, a bit too thin after a promising, well-carbonated start. Still, this is an above average take on the style and an encouraging sign coming from South America."
""
"The body is just a bit on the lighter side, but alcohol is well-covered, lending to a good drinkability. Overall, a nice weizenbock."
"Pours a five finger light tan head that fades quickly to a ring leaving a no lace. Cloudy amber color with a ton of yeast left in bottle. Medium carbonation and medium bodied. Sweet clover nose. Flavor is sweet caramel, drying finish, not cloying. $1.99 for a 12oz bottle from John's Marketplace Portland, OR."
"Surprisingly quite decent unfiltered wheat. I am getting some roasted, very consistent and smooth chocolate, a bit of the banana and clove aroma and flavor.Smooth above average mnouthfeel and very quaffable. A good baskinandrobbins ice cream candy and not too sweet."
"PROST! Beertracker"
"Drinkability was decent due to the overwhelming sweet flavor and smell..."
"A hazy brown beer. Has a very small off white head. Don't blink because you'll miss it. Good strong banana and clove notes in the aroma. With the clove having the upper hand. The banana and clove notes hit first in the flavor. But give way quickly a malty sweetness that has notes of molasses and licorice."
"I bought this bottle at Stimmel's Market in Bowling Green Ohio ($2.49), my second beer from Cervejaria Sudbrack. Poured into a Sam Adams glass, the beer was dark copper color with a very thin tan head. The smell is dark fruits and bananas mixed with pungent alcohol, a proper weizenbock. The taste is the same, with a nice thick mouthfeel to keep the flavor on the tongue long enough to soak in. A very good weizenbock, one of my favorite styles."
"i'm very impressed with the two offerings i have had from this brewery."
"This beer poured a hazy brown with a decent cream colored head. The aroma is earthy, fruity and grainy. The taste is earthy, sweet and malty - slight banana flavor as well. The mouthfeel is medium and seems well suited. Overall, this is a pleasant surprise which I'd recommend."
"Hey, a new weizenbock! Since it's one of my favorite styles, I had to try it. It's a pretty good effort, too bad the brewery's in Brazil and not the midwest."
"Taste is bitter, tangy and a bit tart....but overall smoky, much like the smoked lager also from this brand. The mouthful is hoppy & very carbonated. Perhaps not the most drinkable beer, if you do not enjoy smokiness in your brew, but a quality choice which stands on its own nonetheless."
"Color is a deep brown, small but persistent head. Nutty aroma with plum and some banana. Only had one 12 oz bottle and it went quickly."
"Most of what I've had from Cervejaria Sudbrack has been good-very good beer. Unfiltered Wheat Doublebock could be the best one yet if it was bigger and a wee bit bolder. Potentially exceptional."
"Sinkability – I don’t know what this is, but it’s not a wheat OR a bock."
"Really a fabulous beer! Poured with a fine foamy head that settled down to a light cover. Nice filtered clear maghogany color. Decent body for the style. Intense but classic weizenbock aromas and flavors but with some booziness. Long finish. Good body for the style."
"Nice dark amber color with an off-white head that retains well. Smell is very rich of caramel, various spices, dark fruit, and some clove. Burnt sugar and dark caramel sweetness greet the tongue, followed by perfect amount of spiciness (not spicy as in chili spicy, mind you), with a lingering sweet caramel finish with just a touch of banana. Carbonation is on the higher side, but not overpowering, it's just the right amount. Body is full, chewy, but not cloying; no discernable alcohol coming through. Truly an exceptional beer, I'm glad I decided to try it. I will be buying more of this and will be trying some of their other products."
"Overall, this was a very nice beer and I would recommend it."
"I could see drinking this again... very pleasant beer.. first wheat doublebock ive tried i think... ill seek it out again eventually..."
"Mouthfeel is medium bodied, yeasty, sweetly balanced, and estery."
"Drinkability: this was a beer that one that is easy to forget. Not worth picking this up."
"Comment: This is my first Weizenbock. I am positive I will have many more if this is indicative of the style."
"Pours out a murk suede with a strong, billowing, off-white head. Has a candy sweet nose with ample chocolate and bananas and a nice clove undertone. Mild alcohol comes out. The sweetness and alcohol become a bit much in the flavor (although the alcohol isn't exactly overpowering, it's more than I'd like). The yeasty complexities are there but in the shadows of the overwhelming dark malts. Almost has an artificial sweetener flavor to it. Mouthfeel is just a tad stick, but the carbonation is wonderfully smooth. I'd reserve this as a dessert beverage."
"Poured into a flute glass a hazy murky brown with a slight lemony yellow tinge a big blooming off white head that settles into a pillowy mass atop.Smokey clove and toasty malt in the nose with a hint of banana-like fruit,full near chewey mouthfeel but it still glides down very easily,starts out somewhat spicey and clovey with hints of smoke and brown sugar but its very light quite crisp and dry on the palate in the finish with a light banana flavor.This Brazilian brewery puts out some good stuff they know what they are doing this is another fine example."
"Overall, this is a nice take on the style and is quite an interesting beer. I wish the flavor was a little fruiter and had a stronger clove note to it, but is still nice. A fine beer, but i would rather aventinus."
"The body is medium to full with a decent creamy feel. Soft carbonation. Doesn't seem nearly as warming as Aventinus. A candy like finish lingers for quite some time. Very easy to drink. Great stuff. I would recommend it, among other beers from Eisenbahn."
"Appears a cloudy murky amber brown mahogany hue large tan head with big bubbles dwindles quickly from about an inch and a half down to just a collar of lacing which are left in uneven specks. Aroma contains tart raisins and spicy christmas bread a real yeast and bread dough characteristic mild cider vinegar tart flow going on as well the fruitiness is rather perfumey. Flavor wise the taste is a bit clouded with spices and it really dominates the effervesent green apple and raisin fruit esters dough powdered yeast sits heavy with light herbal hops this beer is not harmonious it's in battle of spice versuses the yeast almost seems like something of Belgian character rather than a German style weizenbock alcohol is pretty well hidden even as it warms. Mouthfeel is a bit chewy yet soft flowing the carbonation gives this medium to fuller bodied brew enough moving power to not sit on the palate completely but once again the yeast and spice characteristics sit heavy on the tongue in the finish in trainwreck fashion. Drinkability leaves more to be desired for me flavor components attempt to pull of cohesion but it lacks so much from the German predecessors that I'd rather get the original definitely complex and tasty but I'm weary of supporting the Shelton Brothers on a regular basis."
"This is definetly not what people would think of a typical beer from Brazil, it is very special. Pours a hazy reddish brown color, quite murky. Smells like sweet old fruit, sometimes not a good sign for me. Taste though, oh yeah, does taste like dried fruit like plums or apricots, slight alcohol hints in the background, but it is really tasty and not too fruity or overly sweet. This is a really nice beer that should get some massive distribution and a lot more attention not just from this site but the mass beer drinking public in general."
"As a last thought, irrelevant to reviewing the beer, I feel ""saudade"" is the most beautiful -not only of all the words in the Portuguese language - but of any... wow, Saudade."
"12 oz bottle. The brew is a lightly ambered deep tea color with a finger of off-white head that falls to a patchy coat of very large bubbles. Clarity is very good and there is a small stream of bubbles from the bottom. The nose is a little solventy sweet, with a very sweet banana, strong yeasty and lighter bready charater with a caramel sweetness playing in the background. I like the aroma on this one, even with the solventy sweetness in there. The flavor is very well blended with the yeasty softness and bready character being prevalent on the start, moving to a mild banana and very light raisin fruityness, and finishing with a bready and caramel maltyness. I enjoy the juxtoposition between the estery fruit and the bready and yeasty character. I think they play well together. Mouthfeel is chewy and moderate thick with a mild carbonation. The contrast between the lighter carbonation and the thickness of the body is good for this one. There is a mild drying character after taking a sip and it really hangs on the sides of my tongue. The alcohol is very well hidden in this one. The flavors and aromas are prevalent, but not obtrusive. I think the beer really blends together in all aspects. This one is nice."
"Overall this is really good. But it's heavy, reallys sticks to the mouth and stomach; good thing it's a regular 12 oz. bottle. So the drinkability seems a bit limited. Looking forward to trying this brewer's other offerings, all sent by msubulldog."
"Pours an opaque orange/brown, thin tan head forms, disappears to a thin ring really fast, some lace spots. Sweet, banana/clove bread, wheat, very malty, caramel, very fruity, bit of alcohol, smells pretty nice. Taste is very malty, sweet caramel, bit of clovey banana bread again, heavy caramel and spice finish, alcohol is well hidden. Mouthfeel is medium bodied with low carbonation, close to flat. Twist off bottle cap coming from Brazil = potential carbonation problem. More carbonation would help it but a pretty damn smooth and nice drinking Weizenbock."
"Well, I am impressed. It was a good, but not great, Weizen until that gear shift into what my tastebuds said was almost an entirely different beer. It most definitely does NOT finish wimpy or weak, and actually appears to morph. I will have to try another that is more room temp to see what its like from the start that way. Another excellent beer from Eisenbahn, and definitely recommended. Now where's that pepper crusted steak at?"
"Poured 12oz bottle to tulip. Dark brown beer with plenty of cloudiness capped by a small off white head that descended at a medium pace to nice lacings. Aroma is tons of yeast and caramel, and flavor is more of same, quite nutty, and very present alcohol. Alcohol a bit of a turn off, especially as the beer warmed. Mouthfeel is quite nice, small & steady carbonation. I like the style a lot and this is one worth trying, but not worth going out of your way for."
"This one didn't fill the mouth quite like the Aventinus, so I docked it for mouthfeel. In general, it is creamy and smoothly full. The wheat goes down very smooth. I absolutely love this style of beer, and this one is just fine."
"Mouthfeel is maybe a touch thin for a Weizenbock, but still very smooth, and just short of creamy. The drinkability for me is very high, as i would have no problem putting a few of these down in a night, though with the alcohol, it might hurt a bit the next day."
"Mouthfeel is smooth, not as rich as Aventinus or Mahr's, but very pleasing and drinkable. Overall a solid Weizenbock."
"Eisenbahn uses 5 types of malt in the production of this beer and it really provides depth and complexity, with a different nuance of flavor revealed in every sip."
"D: A tasty beer, nice flavors and excellent mouthfeel. Brazil would not seem a likely locale for brewing quality traditional German/Euro brews, but if this one's any indication of what's typical, I'm certain I'll try more from Cervejaria Sudbrack. Recommended!"
"Matt"
"If you like higher alcohol content, I'd recommend this. If you don't, steer away. Maybe if I drank this along with some food, I would've enjoyed more. But since I drank it by itself (while watching a movie), I would ask for a second one."
"Rather malty than fruity. Good balance, toasted, caramel, spicy (cloves), and esters (banana, apple). Low bitterness, as expected for the style. Good mouthfeel and drinkability."
"poured a murky reddish-brown color with modest head. Smell is extraordinarily enjoyable with profound yeast and ester notes combining with banana and cloves. Taste was also suprising, seeming to be a combination of a doublebock and a belgian ale, with some hefeweizen thrown in. Very confusing but supremely enjoyable. Only slight notes of alcohol to be found at the finish, which makes this beer a bit scary. I really liked this beer. First class effort."
"I'd recommend it. Way to go Brazil!"
"Not overly impressive or lasting head on a beautifully hazy dark brown ebony color body. The smell is wheaty but also shows notes of pear, apple and alcohol. In the taste, the wheat gets overwhelmed by a darker, more roasted malty flavor, and by the fruitiness of apples and pears already noticeable in the smell. Alcohol is clearly, and excessively present. 8% are hard to hide, for sure. Carbonation is a bit low to clean the palate of this excess of alcohol. The finish and aftertaste are chewy and don’t fit in the style. Lacking sweetness and a refreshing character. Something interesting here, a nice try, but not a success. Undrinkable alone, I couldn’t drink half of the 330ml bottle; maybe paired with some food, it could be a little better. Two thousand miles behind Aventinus."
"Rodrigo."
