review_text
""
"Medium bodied with a bit of wateriness around the edges. Somewhat overcarbonated and thin for the style. Mouthfeel still smooth, soft, but more a mass of foam than desired."
"While nothing extraordinary, this is yet another very nice effort from the folks at Aktien-brauerei."
"Not your typical weizenbock with the addition of the tart apple flavor, but tasty nonetheless, and the alcohol is well masked considering the 7.2% listing."
"O: The good flavor components were good, but the off flavors were just a bit too off."
"d: In a word; disappointing."
"D: This is not horrid, but it's not terribly good either. Kind of all over the place, awkward to a degree. A passable weizenbock."
"Beer is sweet (too sweet for the style IMO). Medium bodied, there's the carbonation, maybe the bartender should have shook the beer or served it at 50 degree to get a head, its all over my mouth, filling the palate. Its a little distracting unfortunately. Drinkability is fine with this beer, its overall an average weizenbock."
"The palate opens yeasty and estery with a some banana and a fruit bread like character. The palate isn't as sweet as the nose would let on, and that's for the better. Caramel and brown sugar sweetness appear mid-palate, along with a touch of clove. I also get a little burnt sugar, and that's a great touch. Sweet, bready and mildly yeasty on the finish with the alcohol cutting through the sweetness just enough, this feels quite great on the palate. The high level of carbonation is a little distracting, especially coupled with the medium body. The finish also has a little phenolic character, which I appreciate. All told, a VERY enjoyable weizenbock, one that I will drink again without a doubt."
"Drinkability: I like it well enough, though it's not exactly my cup of tea. I look forward to revisiting this beer after I have a little more experience with the Weizenbock genre."
"On the whole, I strongly recommend this beer to any wheat beer aficionado. If you're not familiar with the style, start with a Weihenstephaner Hefeweissbier Dunkel, work your way up to Schneider Aventinus, and then give this one a try."
"Poured a nice clear, dark gold into my glass with a one inch white head that fizzed out rather quickly. Fruit in the nose. Apple juice like flavor. Medium body. Very drinkable. I've only recently begun to explore the many styles of German beer and this one is a pretty good example its style."
"Pours a dark yellowish-brown/ brown copper color with a foamy off-white head. Musky aroma that is dominated by clove spiciness. Slight chocolate malt presence. Flavor is once again dominated by cloves. A little bit of licorice, chocolate malt. Very carbonated with a spicy roastiness up front followed by a sweet malty center and dry finish."
"D - Good beer! I like the style because it's so heavy hitting and ""dark"" (as the beer-ignorant like to categorize beer), but it's also very quenching and refreshing. An excellent ""winter sports"" beer for sledding, skiing, and hiking in the colder months."
"Pours a slightly murky apple juice cider color. The head is barely a quarter inch and dissipates in a flash. No lacing and little floaties are not helping this look any better. The nose is of fermented fruits and hints of alcohol and caramel. Lots of complex flavors keep inline with the nose. Slightly souring pear and other fruits,maybe apple and over ripened banana. Lots of yeasty flavors and bread like malts balance this nicely. Tons of fizzy carbonation(strange how small the head is on this overly carbonated brew),medium body and subtly warming on the throat. Very enjoyable!"
"a heady beer with a real strong malty flavour. a little rough and ready with an almost applejuice nose however what saves this beer from being hard to drink is the great finish that pulls everything together. Not my favourite and maybe worth putting down in the cellar to smooth it out."
"Good bubbling as I peer into this sediment filled, muddy rust hue. Only a flash in the pan head that recedes to nothing after only a couple of seconds. The aroma is a bit medicinal and metalic with just a touch of fruity bread. The taste is a moldy wheat beer with a strong fig and very light plum essence. Would be pretty good without the moldy taste. The is very fleetin, no lingering. But what does linger is some on the verge of going bad fruits that lingers a bit. Won't buy this beer again. But glad I tried it."
"Certainly well brewed and nice if you're craving the taste (I am!)..if you come across it don't be afraid of it not being a top 100 beer. This is one of a limited number of weizenbocks that I've come across (only one of the top five most reviewed w.bocks is a full time offering: Aventinus) and it matches note for note, just lacks that special something."
"The beer was moderatly thick and oily for a bock, which I thought was odd. In the end, I could drink this all day. Maybe its because its atleast 5 or 6 months old or maybe because its just a different flavor than I'm used to, but I really enjoyed this beer."
"I poured this ugly beer into my tumbler at 50 degrees. The beer was a gold color with a fine white bibbly head that almost instantly fell away to nothing. No lacing whatsoever either. The smell was sour which scared me. The tase was a bit sweet and a complex mix of fruit taste with a strange undescribable after taste. I did not care for it and will not buy again."
"I couldn't tell if this was a weizenbock or apple cider. It looks like a dark unfiltered wheat beer, but it leaned heavily towards the sweet side. Sweet like, well, apple cider. A little bit of clove danced around in the background. Yet the taste wasn't bad at all and it had a pretty good drinkability for its strength. I guess I was expecting something that would WOW me."
"Mouthfeel is medium bodied, crisp, fruity, with a smooth finish."
"Big half-liter bottle, served in a weizen glass; it pours a ruddy amber/brown, with medium carbonation and a finger of fizzy, short-lived, khaki head. The bouquet is quite tropical for a wheat beer (orange, pineapple, apple, banana), with a nice spicy yeastiness and hints of clove. The flavor builds on this by adding some tart/tangy wheat, papaya, chocolate?, and grassy, leafy/green hops on top of a light/medium body that has a similar finish, and imparts a tingly effervescence. Overall a yeasty, phenolic, and tropical wheat beer that is unique and tasty - of the five Kaufbeuren beers I've sampled, St. Blasius is easily the best."
"Fairly sweet tasting, that accentuates a finish that has a solid Weizen-like clove flavor. This beer has a light carbonation to it that adds a bit of zest to the middle of this beer. Flavors of apple cider (both sweet & hard varieties) are perhaps one of the most noticeable flavors. The finish is marred by a touch of vegetal flavors and perhaps a phenolics note that is a bit beyond clove. This is really not all that good; the flavors, as well as the palate, seem washed out."
"Overall, this is an ok beer that I can't really see myself coming back to."
"D: Not something I would have again. It's certainly worth a try, but currently there are several much better weizenbocks available."
"D: Not spectacular but easily drinkable. Lighter consistency but still pretty potent in alcohol. Therefore, maybe not one you could have more than one or two of. Good flavors and aroma - one I'd probably have again."
"Poured from the bottle into a weizen glass, the beer appears a dank light brown color. Some orangish-yellowish tint at the base. Lots of carbonation. A decent two-finger head forms after pouring but quickly dies down, leaving a thin layer of foam coating over the whole beer. Not much lace to speak of. The aroma is a sparkling and fruity. I detect strong notes of peach, with some banana, apple and pear. A buttery crust sensation is there as well. A wonderful aroma overall; I could smell this all day long. The taste is equally as pleasant. Smooth maltiness mixes well with the fruity overtones. There is some piney alcohol in the finish, but it serves more as a clean finish than a detractor. Mouthfeel is chewy, but not syrupy. Very solid. I could easily make this a session beer. The 7.2% ABV is masked well - perhaps too well - and I could very easily find myself downing three or four of these in a setting, given the chance. What a nice beer."
"Drinkability – I enjoyed the way this one felt in the mouth, which is an accomplishment in and of itself, but the rest of it left me wanting. I wouldn’t buy again."
"Poured a murky, medium-brown color with a pillow-like, white-colored head. The head was rather frothy with a soap-like consistency. Low-carbonation and quite cloudy at a glance. Aromas of honey, fruit, and grains. Very bread-like smell. The taste followed suit with a strong grain flavor followed by fruity undertones. Slightly chewy in my mouth. Overall, this was a flavorful beer and quite easy to sip. I certainly wouldn't mind another."
"D - Very smooth, not nearly as complicated and intense as Aventinus. This could be a Weizenbock session beer if there is such a thing. Nice without being too sweet or overbearing"
"Overall, it's a decent weizenbock, but there are better - not that it's not brewed well, because it is, but just because some others have achieved a higher level of balance. Still, it's worth trying."
"If it was easier to find I'd recommend it as a gateway beer."
"The weakest weizenbock i've ever had. It wasn't bad, it just didn't pack a punch at all. Cloudy amber in color, head foams up quickly even with a correct pour, then fades to about a half inch where it stays throughout. This beer does adhere to the Reinheitsgebot law of German beer. This is a good weizenbock for someone who is looking for an easy drinking bock that would pair well with most meals. Phenolic characteristics fade as the beer stays in the glass. I paid2.79 at Hollingshead."
"Overall: Not that bad but a little boring in the long run."
