review_text
""
""
""
"Overall - Not a bad beer for $2.00. However, it didn't leave me wanting another. Isn't that the sign of a good beer, you can't wait to crack open the next one? This isn't that, I'm just trying to decide who to pawn my other one off to. I think the prevailing sourness in the mouth the the loss of head after a few seconds diminished the beer's complexity. Also, I have no idea how long it was shelved before finding its way to the discount rack. Perhaps fresher ones are a completely different story."
"notes; interesting and flavorful but not all that enjoyable. The beer seems a little 'dirty' to me"
""
"Overall, it is a good english amber, but you need food thought."
"A word I rarely use in beer terms, 'smooth' finish and a polished, well produced beer."
"Drinkability is good. Decent beer overall that drinks easily."
"Drinkability: A very graceful, well-balanced, tasty beverage. I dug it, maybe you will, too."
"Conclusion: If I was a betting man, I'd say this has probably been sitting around for quite some time. Nevertheless, I can only rate it as I'm tasting it. There's nothing really ""wrong"" with it, it's just a rather boring ale in that nothing stands out and the fruitiness is a bit much for me."
"The aroma is nice, it's sweet and malty with caramel, flowers, and fruit. The appearance is amber with a small head. The flavor is like the aroma but acidic and papery. The palate is thin. Overall it's nothing special. I would probably pass if offered another."
"Pours a clear copper with a small tan head. The nose promises plenty of big malts to come, along with citrusy hops. Love the taste: semi-sweet malts that are almost spicy, with a light hoppiness that keeps the attention on the toasty and biscuity qualities of the malts. Medium bodied, very drinkable as a session ale. Well worth the $3.50 I paid for the bottle."
"Tasted on 7/27/08."
"500ml brown bottle from The Lighthouse in Manchester. Pours a translucent lighter amber body with virtually no head to speak of. Smells malty with a strong herbal hop presence. Tastes sweet and malty, with caramel, nut, and roast playing parts, with a good portion of herbal English hops, especially in the finish. An easy drinker for sure - light on the palate with a small amount of carbonation. Tasty and refreshing. Subtle flavors and qualities contributing their part in perfect portion. Everything I'd expect from a well-crafted English ale. At 5$ per bottle, this would not be an everyday treat for me. Nonetheless, it's by far the finest English beer I've had in some time, and I find nothing wrong with it."
"Drinkability: A decent enough English strong but there are other examples of the style I would prefer; too much mineral content and diacetyl for my tastebuds"
"Re-review June 2009: The beer is thin, a bit tart from some leafy hop notes, a tad lemony, a little sourish, and all of the above are true, but the beer deserves better than a C. I'm going to up the taste and nose of the beer which has a touch of diacetyl and toffee notes. The beer is just okay, but I'm a little more generous after trying it again."
"The beer poured a rich gold or light amber with a thin white head. It had a rich malty aroma with a hint of hops. The taste was of malt with a good hop finish. The feel was light and dry. A solid ale, but not very complex. The hopping was a bit on the bitter side, not much floral to it. Decent, but not one I'd search out."
"A very nice easy drinking beer. This is second beer from this brewery, and both have been truly enjoyable."
"Interesting. Clear, light amber in color with a decent amount of carbonation and a thin head that doesn't leave much if any lacing. Smells of faint hops with more fruity, malty undertones coming up than anything. Clean, thirst quenching taste that is pretty darn good in my book. Some English hops are evident and well-balanced by a sweet, malty finish. Somewhat thinner mouthfeel though it was very smooth and silky considering. I'd say this one is quite drinkable even though it's on the high ABV end for it's style. Drinks much easier than you'd think. Daleside seems to make some quality stuff and this one is no exception."
"Standard English Pale Ale. A nice caramel / earthy, grassy aroma up front, with fruitiness and sweetness. A nearly clear golden color with nice retention and lacing. Smells malty and fruity (oranges and apricots) with a light hop spicy flavor and good bitter balance. A bit heavy and oily to the mouth keeps it from being as refreshing as it should be, but a good feel otherwise. Finishes with empahasis on the fruity sweetness and hop spiciness."
"As with most of these particular imports, the price ($5.29 a 500ml bottle) is to steep for repeated purchases. Just keep that in mind, but try indeed."
"Ripon is far from a rip-off, even though the bottle cost $3.99. It's a bit too tame to be a regular purchase, but I'm enjoying it nevertheless. I've now had two Daleside Brewery beers and I'd have to say that Ripon Jewel has a leg up on Old Leg Over for the top spot. More to come."
"Pours a one finger, white head that quickly goes leaving a trace of lace. Clear amber color. Good carbonation and medium bodied. Nose is baled hay. Starts nicely balanced between the malts and hops, some sweetness, finish is clean no lingering bitterness, nice amber. $4.35 for a 500ml bottle from Colonial Spirits Acton, Ma. Bottle is brown now."
"The beer pours a dark gold/amber color with a thick frothy offwhite head that slowly fades to lacing. The aroma is decent. It has a light, malty scent that boasts of pale and crystal malts along with a nice fruity yeast aroma. It's dry with a light hop presence. The taste is decent. It has a dry, malty flavor that boasts of pale and light crystal malts. It goes down easy and finishes mildly bitter. The mouthfeel is decent. It is a medium bodied beer with good carbonation. This is a pretty good brew, but nothing I'd buy again. It's really dry and bitter with that English hop aftertaste."
"The flaovor was more hoppy than the aroma indicated and the amber malts stood out in the middle of the swallow. A clean finish with little aftertaste. An english pale ale with a mild twist. The mouthfeel was moderate, nothing spectacular but a solid beer."
"Clear medium amber appearance, bright white head of over 1/4 of an inch in a pint glass. Thick lacing, like white glue. Aroma of hay, some distinct hoppiness, a spice cake quality. Light mouthfeel, but reserved carbonation, giving a smooth impression. Taste is pleasant if undistinguished, hops don't seem as noticeable as in the aroma. Caramel and brown sugar predominate, along with a candy orange cream tone. Sweet finish without much bite to balance it out. A beer that's plenty drinkable but not very distinct, one you wish you could have on cask. As with other Daleside beers, the bottles are a little expensive in the United States, making them brews that North American consumers might pass up."
"B'ham UK March 2006"
"Pours wityh a bubbly light amber color. Not so much foam. Smells mostly of aromatic hops, wet dish rag, and artificially flavored fruit candy. The taste is primarily bitter with a twist of citrus. I disagree with the label's claim of full body. It's rather light bodied perhaps even thin. Doesn't quit live up to the heritage/ecological inspired marketing. That said, it's still a decent ale."
"The carbonation is medium strong with soft medium sized bubbles, which is perfect for an pale ale."
"Body just shy of medium with a smooth, lightly carbonated mouthfeel."
"500 ml brown bottle (not clear like pictured)."
"What an interesting and complex beer that seems oh-so-simple at the get-go! If it weren't for the higher alcohol content of 5.8%, I'd suggest that this was a brilliant session ale of the highest order. But it does remain remarkably drinkable. Quite nice, and well-worth seeking out for fans of British ales."
"A pretty decent ESB, all told."
"Same attractive label, as pictured, but dark brown 500 ml bottle. Pours a clear amber body with a creamy two finger beige head. Good retention and lots of patchy lace. Aroma is a bit restrained, with floral hops and buttery toffee. Mouthfeel is slick and medium bodied, good carbonation. Taste is well balanced, with an assertive herbal and floral hops bitterness that is present all the way through. Plenty of sweetish malts present a buttery caramel and toffee backbone with some apple and pear skin fruitiness in the middle. Finishes dry and on the bitter side with a floral hops aftertaste. Very nicely constructed, and more in the style of a good English bitter or ESB than a pale ale."
"I really like this Daleside offering better than the Old Leg Over has more pizzaz I guess u could say.Pours a dark copper with a thin amount of lace leaving a light amount of lace,aromas of brown sugar and sweet biscuit dough with a light minty note letting u know there is some hops there.A very nice well rounded little ale here strarts out sweet and cakey but there is nice herbal finish that really saves this beer.A bigger brew at 5.8% but I like it alot I will get more of this one."
"Clear bottle: amber with a tinge of red. Aroma is of sweet malts, with some floral, citrusy hops. Flavour is bitter(ish)sweet, quite cloying sweet at the start, but the hops dry it out towards the end and add a touch of bitterness. Nothing spectacular, and not even that interesting. A bit medicinal and cloying at times."
