review_text
""
""
""
""
"Taste wise: it was again malty and fruity, a drier hop bitterness comes late on the palate but this is a primary a malty brew. Body depth is good and the alcohol sits well within the whole feel."
" Took a flyer on this single pint while buying other things and went back within a week to get several more as they went down great at a summer pig roast right from the bottle. Love a good hearty English brew especially the darker stuff, where I feel the English stuff really shines. Recommended!"
""
""
""
""
"A classic English ale with lots of big maltiness and great esters. The light hop character adds a nice dry finish. Very good."
"Not a bad beer. Could have been a little denser. I also prefer my strong ales to be stronger in the ABV."
"A nice beer, and a slightly more elaborate one than you often get from a British brewery. While I appreciate a really good mild English ale every now and then, I'd prefer one like this with just that little bit more oomph."
"i've never seen this beer on shelves in Toledo, so I was glad to have a chance to try it at the One 2 Lounge in Sylvania Friday night."
"It feels good to get away from the hops after a pint of Monkey Wrench. Imagine what the high definition version (cask) would yield."
"Pours a dark brown color with a decent head of foam as you take in the scents of malts with a hint of chocolate. It drinks much like a stout as it has that thicker and heavier taste to it. Nicely made and finishes rather smoothly. Something to try if you like heavier beers."
"Great lacing on this mahogany colored beer. The aroma is a soft mix of malt, baking bread, yeast, and earth. Nice flavor...fairly dry, with a mineral-water and carbonic feel. Plenty of malt in the taste as well. Touch of butterscotch. The long-lasting malt-centric finish."
"Quite nice overall the taste had a couple issues but overall it was quite nice, it looked felt and drank wonderfully."
"Decent beer. Poured with a tan head that quickly settled down and no lace. Color is a lovely clear medium red amber. Aroma is very malty roast toffee and a hint fruity. Flavor is like aroma. Body is ok and so is carbonation. Finish is like flavor and medium in length. Serviceable beer. If you were in the mood for a straightforward malty ale this could be a session."
"A quite light body, with a low soft carboantion make sfor an easy drink!"
"Drinkability: Average but accessible, though one I'll have to pass. I enjoyed the monkey shenanigans story on the label more than anything else."
"F: Finishes a little drier at least, actually pretty dry surprisingly for how sweet it started. It's also a little bitter on the finish, probably English style bittering hops. The raisin/fig fruit seems to linger a bit as well. It also seems to add an interesting slightly salty taste at the end. Pretty smooth and light, a good session beer."
"Not bad at all. I would love to try this on the other side of the pond and on cask. Still worth a try as is, but I can see this being great under different conditions."
"D: Overall a pretty good beer. The taste makes up for what it lacks in body and smell. A great beer to drink on a cool, rainy night."
"just the right mix of hops and malt. a great beer! very well-balanced; ""veritable hops"" without any astringency. peculiar sourness in aroma but by no means a negative. perfect mouthfeel, full malty body, endanger of being too sweet but this is offset by a reasonable amount of hops."
"D: A nice beer that goes down smoothly. Not the best beer from U.K. but surely a very nice one."
"Champion Winter Beer of Great Britain Competition - Class Winner"
"Maybe better fresh, this one seemed slightly bland, stuck between an English Dark Mild and an English Strong Ale (or maybe an English Brown Ale). Still, somewhat sessionable and enjoyable, and I'm sure to win someone over."
"D: I could do a few of these, but I don't think it will become a new favorite..."
"I'm impressed and glad to have picked up this bottle for a sample."
"Bottle from Capital Market,Salem"
"A pleasant English Strong ale and easy to drink. Not a whole lot of distinctive or memorable characteristics. I suspect it's a different experience from the cask as I'm sure it was originally intended."
"Smooth, light effervescence, almost creamy texture. Pretty good stuff. Drinks lighter than 5.3%. Slightly warming."
"Pours to a thin off-white head and a solid clear brown color. Aroma is a nice mixture of fruity esters and buttery malt. Flavor is heavy on the malt flavors with just enough hops to even it out. There are dark specialty malts all over the flavor, giving it a complex malt profile that develops as it warms. Good smooth mouthfeel due to low carbonation. Easy to quaff. Good stuff."
"Mouthfeel is a mild medium body that goes down slick. Easy to drink. I would like to session this in an English pub one day."
"A nice and surprisingly drinkable strong ale."
"500ml brown bottle from The Lighthouse in Manchester. Pours a translucent dark brown-red with nearly an inch of off-white head. Smells roasty with hints of English hops, but the aroma is not that apparent. Tastes roasty, malty, nutty with just a hint of herbal hops present toward the finish. Tastes are fairly subtle, but are all very pleasant. Smooth, medium mouth-feel with some carbonation but not too much. Very drinkable, this beer is. At 5$ per bottle, it's a little pricier than something I'd drink on a daily basis. But it's a smooth, easy-drinking, solid English beer that I may pick up from time to time."
"D-I like the flavors, and I thoroughly enjoy drinking this, but the body and the weak pour kind of numb the whole experience. I'll still put a 4 since I buy beer to drink, not to look at."
"Light amber color, medium head with some lace. Aroma is slightly butterscotch, with some mild dark fruit (raisins) and other esters. Body is thin, flavor has some more light golden raisin upfront, but backed by sweet malts and some faint hops. Tail is fast, leading to some lingering sweetness and fruit."
"$: I would not pay over $5 again, even if the name honors our simian friends."
"500 ml bottle, bought in Scarborough. Possibly filtered, but probably not pasteurised. ABV is 5.3%. As a cask ale it was voted ""Champion Winter Beer of Britain 1998"". Chestnut coloured beer, rich off-white to beige head. Very nice malty aroma with oaky and vinous notes, also caramel and dark fruits. Malty flavour with caramel, some raisiny and vinous notes, moderate hops. Moderate carbonation, soft mouthfeel. A pleasant beer to drink."
"This beer poured a clear brown color with a cream colored one finger, rocky head – which quickly resided. The aroma is mostly of malt with some sourness noted after a moment. The taste is malty with a bit of chocolate like flavors noted. The mouthfeel is full and somewhat creamy. Overall this is an easy beer to drink – a delight that would make a great session beer."
"Drinkability – Well, 5% ABV isn’t my idea of “strong” but this was a good drinker nevertheless."
"Drinkability is good, nice session beer. Good flavor that holds up as it warms. I don't expect much from English beers, they can be weak, grainy, skunked, suffer excess diacetyl--this lovely pint suffered none of these defects."
"There's nothing particularly wrong with this beer. It's relatively smooth, not too heavy on the alcohol, clean aftertaste...but aside from a hint of sweetness, I found it to be pretty dull and repetitive. All in all, a sessionable but more or less forgettable beverage."
"D: It's so pleasant and smooth, you can't really turn it down."
"Another English brew that is predictable to the point of frustration. For an English Strong, I was expecting something more challenging, complex, and characterful. It turns out to taste just like a thousand other English brews that I over paid for. An undescript malitiness comes through in the nose and flavor with a standard caramel, toffee, toasty, nutty flavor. Characters are more of unfermented wort than of a complex brew. Grass English hops used majorily for bittering, minorily for flavors. Finishes thick and worty. Sweet throughout. Seems like I write this same review for all of these expensive English brews."
"This ale pours with a thick white head and minute bubbles. A deep mahogany hue with pleasant ale yeast odor.The taste of oak and roasted malt dominate. An almost walnutty dry mouthfeel with a sweet crisp finish result in the quaffable qualities and favorable finish."
"Monkey Wrench Dark Ale (which is how my label reads) isn't very strong, but it is very good. While the ABV may be a fraction too high for it to quality as a session beer, I'd love to travel to Harrogate and give it a whirl. A delicious beer named for a suspected monkey spy (read the label) that tastes like bananas... what could be better than that?"
"M&D: the mouthfeel is quite spritzy, not smooth enough to seamlessly match the rather soothing, rich yet balanced flavour profile, though it softens a little as the carbonation evaporates. Overall this is a malty as well as fruity Strong Bitter; with its nice flavour that's shown by this presumably inferior interpretation of the ale, I'm sure the cask version would be absolutely a hit for Autumn!"
"Named after an incident in Hartlepool, England that involved the hanging of a Monkey thought to have been a French Spy. Aaah the good old days!!"
"As one who favors big, hoppy beers, I actually found this beer to be quite enjoyable."
"A tasty and super easy to imbibe beer here. A tad expensive so it isn't going to take the place that Firestone Pale Ale occupies in my refrigerator, but I do recommend that you try this if you see it."
"A clean brown beer with ruby highlights. Has a creamy off white head. There is an overall smooth sweetness in the aroma. With hints of chocolate and dried fruit popping up here and there. The taste again has a strong sweet character, with a caramel note up front, a nice cocolaty note in the middle and some coffee bitterness on the finish. A delicious treat."
"Notes: tasty enough to keep it interesting. The more I gobbled this fine product the more I was planning my next trip to Wally's in Westwood for more from Daleside."
"At over $5 for a 500ml bottle, I won't be visiting this too often, but I do recommend it. Not bad in the least."
"The beer pours a ruby red color with a thick frothy offwhite head that slowly fades to lacing. The aroma is decent. It has a dry, yet malty scent that boasts of pale, crystal, and roasted malts along with English hops and yeast. The taste is decent also. It has a very dry flavor that goes down easy and finishes with a semi-sweet, roasted taste. It's malty, but nothing too bold. It boasts of crystal and roasted malts. There is a slight hop bitterness;mostly English hops. The mouthfeel is fine. It is a medium bodied beer with adequate carbonation. This is a pretty good brew, but nothing to get excited about. I probably wouldn't buy it again."
"Pours a three finger cream head that fades quickly to a thin layer leaving a little lace. Deep clear amber color. Very light carbonation and medium bodied. Hints of chocolate/caramel nose. Starts slightly malty, some bittersweet chocolate, finish is reasonably clean. 5.3% ABV is not a strong ale. $4.35 for a 500ml bottle from Colonial Spirits Acton, Ma."
"Clearish red chestnut color, pale head of large detergent-like bubbles. Wispy looping laces on most of the glass. Malted milk aroma with some fruity ripe peach elements. Active carbonation in the mouth, spritzy feel to it. Flavor has a lot of fruit for me, orange marmalade, peach cobbler, and a certain brightness. A bit of ashy bittering takes hold mid mouth and makes the ending pretty nice and pleasant. Overall, a very nice profile from start to finish. However, I don't know what Daleside brews sell for in many markets, but this one came in for me at over $5 for a trace over 16 oz, and as far as drinking it again -- its not all that for all that."
"16.9 ounce bottle."
"Dark brown clear colour with a small frothy head and minimal lacing. Aroma is of chocolatey malt and raisins. Roasted chocolate taste and a little bitter. Exceptionally smooth mouthfeel, very pleasant, almost velvety and low carbonation. Overall rather easy to drink."
"Label says ""Monkey Wrench Dark Ale""-nothing about being a strong ale. Anyway-great mahogany color. Low carbonation-no head to speak of. Aroma of malt-caramel maltiness, very slight port-like aroma. Good malty flavor. Finishes a bit sweet. Body is ok. Overall a very drinkable beer from the UK. Worth a try but I dont see it being a regular purchase theres some much better UK beers out there."
"A nice find this weekend while out on the beer hunt,poured a deep amber with a thinner but well sustained off white head,aromas are quite fruity with a hint of dark chocolate but nothing that would blow your mind.Alot of malt flavor in this brew brown suger and toffee hits up front with a fruity finish wich lingered nicely.A strong ale, well not so sure about that but not a bad quaffer with a thinner but smooth mouthfeel."
"Maybe eat a strong fish dish with it"
"Not too bad. at 5.3%ABV its not particularly strong, but neither is the flavour, some choc-caramel flavours are their, with some fruity/malty sweet flavours, bittersweet flavour thanks to a touch of hops at the end. Pretty average, but its drinkable, a bit gimmicky for some reason, maybe its just the label or something."
