review_text
""
""
""
""
""
"D- Quite drinkable, but I would like a touch more balance rather than a flash of bitterness at the finish."
"This was $3.99 for a pint, or basically about $18.00 for a six pack. At that price level this beer should have me saying WOW. At that price, however, it only had me saying GEE!"
"While I found this one interesting, it's not one of my favorite English ales. I'd love to try it again on tap and see if the taste is different in draught form, but maybe I'll try other Otter beers and see if those are more my speed."
"From the 1 pt. 0.9 fl. oz. bottle and sampled on July 11, 2009. It pours amber-brown with a thin beige head. The carbonation bubbles clung to the side of the pint glass and gave off an appearance not unlike tiny ice crystals although it was served at about 40 degrees. They say that it is brewed with spring water and perhaps that was the reason for this unique look. The aroma was sweet and malty with a tinge of fruit in the background. The mouthfeel was in the medium range with the smooth texture of honey. A good English bitter taste with a slightly dry finish. Overall tasty and true to my favorite style."
"D: Very good per style and very good drinkability."
"This may make it's way into the rotation more often. I like this a lot."
"Purchased: Plaza Liquors, Tucson AZ"
"D- ice cold it may be quenching and un-noticeable but i'm goin british tonight and this otter is rife with character and nutritious goodness. my only gripe is the addition of wheat, oats, and spelt which add more flavor but ultimately blend things together a little too much for me. i like crisp lines. for what it is though, a superb pub drink."
"Pours a two finger cream head that fades slowly to a thin layer, leaving some lace. Cloudy amber color. Light-medium carbonation and medium bodied. Caramel nose. Flavor is sweet caramel that changes to a slight bitter finish. $4.35 for a 500ml bottle from Colonial Spirits Acton, Ma. Style is more like a sweet ESB than an English strong ale."
"Smooth and slippery in the mouth, broken up by a zing of carbonation."
"Mouthfeel/Drinkability- although thinly weighted, the beer's carbonation is a bit rough... especially in the swallow. At $4.50 a bottle, this doesn't warrant another purchase. Glad to have tried it, though."
"Overall- A tasty Ale that seemed stronger than the 5.8% abv. This following a Hoppy Otter is nice!"
"Served in a nonic pint glass, the beer pours an orange/brown color with a Head retention and lacing are both low. Aroma is nice, it smells like caramel, bread/dough, toffee, and dried fruit. Taste is similar to the aroma, starts off malty and then the hops come out in the finish and linger around for a while. Mouthfeel/body is medium and creamy, with low carbonation. Drinkability is pretty good, it's very smooth and easy to drink. I don't know if I'd call this a Strong Ale, but I'm not complaining. Overall I think it's a good beer, I'd definitely buy it again."
"the label claims brewed with oats and rye, I didnt find those anywhere in the beer."
"This one was completely new to me, but I am glad I tried it... Worth a shot, although it is certainly not the best depiction of the style out there..."
"For my money, Fuller's 1845 and Adnams Broadside Strong Original are still the cream of the English strong ale crop. Otter Head, while good, isn't a beer that I'm tempted to give another go 'round. It's still worth a look for anyone interested in the style."
"Drinkability: More an ESB than an English Strong, this is one of the best examples of the style that have crossed the pond in recent years; too bad the weak dollar is working against bringing in the better brews of the UK"
"Nice copper color with avergage head retention and carbonation. A bit on the hot-alchol side for 5.8%. Malty sweetness is the first quality noticed with its smell and taste. Some caramel hints as well. Easy to consume for a Strong Ale. Enjoyed this one at the Charlotte Oktoberfest and would definitely try again."
"It smelled a little like apples actually and was slightly bitter and a little malty anvery flat tasting. Will not buy again."
"Otter Head is a pretty respekkible beer, but seeing as I can only find it sold in singles for ~$4, I doubt I'll be drinking it often."
"D-very nice ale, one I would get again and would like to try on cask."
"Medium bodied. Overall - it's not bad, but can't say it stands out when compared to others of style I've had from England."
"Its been awhile since I have had a true English pale ale so I picked this up today,poured into a standard pint glass a a slight hazed lighter shade of copper with a thin wispy head seems lightly carbonated.Light aromas mainly English malt notes of brown sugar and sweet dough faint green hop lingers,thinner on the mouth but its very quaffable a real sociable pint.Malt tilted in my mind lightly sweet like brown sugar and faint caramel somewhat drying in the finish with geranium-like quality.Not a world beater but Iam quite sure it wasnt intended to be I could drink it all night and not miss a beat Iam surprised at the alc % really."
"i'll keep it short and sweet. this one looked ok. smelled better. nice sweet malt character and a subtle hop taste thas was not bitter at all. the soft water this is made with was really impressive. coupled with a simple, modest recipe that uses great ingredients, a quality beer is born. simple and pure. good beer all around."
"D - one of these, was enough for me, and I don't think I'll be buying more."
"It seems that when I buy one of these imperial pint, English beers I expect cloyingly sweet, heavy ales that are high in quality, yet rarely prefered. This beer hits home for me with a lot of subtleties, character, and balance, in a clean and refreshing delight. The beer boasts of Marris Otter malts that shine with a firm barley sweetness, browned bread (not quite toasted), and a subtle, yet firm caramel / toffee note. This is evident in the aromas, with as estery-spicy character of fresh fruits and fresh hops. Decorated with a creamy head retention (although slight) remains with the beer to the bottom of the glass. Moderately hazed and mildly carbonated, with a rich copper, rusty hue. Tastes firmy, and moderately sweet and rich with light caramels, bready flavors, and ripe fruits (peaches, pears, and apples). Delicate herbal notes pronounce themselves before an approaching, assertive hop flavor takes over. Hops take on grassy notes, a bit of pine, and a bit of citrus (orange and lemon rinds). The body is lighter than the flavors suggest with a pronounced dryness with the English hops and higher alcohol content -- these clean the beer up a lot. Very little residual sugars weigh the beer down, making it easy to drink. A light caramel and hop flavor follow the beer into the finish. Quite a good beer. Would not hesitate to try again."
"Pours a hazy copper with a decent initial head that fades to a thin ring. Some splotchy lacing. Smell is dry but malty with a touch of toffee and metal. The taste is equally as dry with a good degree of dry malt in the body and a fairly pleasant metallic aftertaste. The metal seems to be from the water source- iron tinged spring water from the taste of it. Fairly light and a little tannic. Very light earthy hop presence. Mouthfeel is slightly slick, but the slight tannic edge helps make it refreshing, and the body seems like a gulp of cold spring water. Nicely drinkable and a little different."
"Pours a murky copper body with a small beige head that leaves some nice splotchy lacing. Aroma is malty toffee and caramel, herbal hops, and a hint of ripe pears. Medium bodied with a soft carbonation. Taste is sweet toffee, bitter herbal/floral hops, pear skins, overripe red apples and a hint of mineral. A prototypical English ESB, not a strong ale as listed here. Well executed and quite sessionable."
"Light-golden body with lace and a bit of foam. Faint smell of hops, there is Challenger and Fuggles. A fresh ale, as if it was tapped a day ago, of understated and malted hoppy ale, not too bitter. Above average carbonation for a UK produced ale. Very drinkable, medium mouthfeel. Citrus and lightly grapefruity."
"Poured a deep amber-ish color with a small white head that goes away fast. It smelled of sweet/sticky malts and a small citrus hop. In the taste, hops, somewhat feels like tea watered down with a dry end, but nice hops. A very smooth beer, I enjoyed the lingering bitterness at the end."
"Pours slightly hazy copper-brown with a tiny cream head that dissipates quickly, leaving thin lace. Smell is pleasingly nutty and malty, with caramel and biscuit notes over herbal hops. A little thin in flavor for a strong ale, but the beer is nice and quaff-able nonetheless. Biscuit malts at the fore give way to moderately strong leafy hops in the center and finish. More highly hopped than most English bitters. The medium body is creamy and smooth, with just enough carbonation to keep things lively. Nice, but doesn't have the depth and complexity of a classic like the Fuller's bitters."
"It was hard to discern the appearance since it came in a brown bottle, but what I could see looked quite drinkable. Aroma is strongly malty upon first opening the bottle. Flavor is thin but pleasantly malty, with fruity hints and a smooth finish that has a slight hoppy-bitter undertone. Pleasant and refreshing to drink."
"500 ml brown bottle, courtesy of Cardinal pub, Stavanger. ABV is 5.8%. Reddish amber to brown colour, low off-white head. Minimal carbonation, nearly flat. Moderate but nice aroma of caramel, toffee, berries and dried fruits, with some oak in the background. Flavour has plenty of caramel, and a substantial bitterness in the finish and aftertaste, and a sweetish reminder of the relatively high ABV, but little else than that. Not an easy-drinking ale this one, and not particularly interesting either. Still better than many run-of-the-mill ales."
"Very drinkable. Just sweet enough to counter the hop bitterness. Just enough bitterness to make me want another. Alcohol level might be a little high for a session beer IF you have to drink home. If you don't ... have another. The second and third, etc. are just as good as the first."
"M&D: smooth on the mouthfeel while being fed by a healthy dose of tiny fizz; this is a medium-bodied and ve...ry flavoursome ESB which I suppose would fail to disappoint the snobbiest of beer critics?!~~ Highly drinkable/quaffable premium bitter it is, I can't wait to try it on draught!!"
"Caramelly toffee malts. Orangey and spicey, with some alcohol noticed in the finish, sweetish and thickish, sligfhtly sticky mouthfeel, finish, is savoury, with some bitterness. Not too bad, decent amount of flavour, and fairly complex aswell, not bad."
