review_text
""
"Overall: Well, at least it's clean and refreshing."
""
"Overall - This was actually pretty good and I think something like this would be a HUGE seller to the BMC crowd. I was pleasantly surprised."
"Bottom line: Unoffensive, uninteresting, bland."
"Overall: A bit uninspiring. Though i wasn't expecting to be bursting with hops, i was at least hoping to see a trace of it. No go and this beer fails on that account. It's not foul tasting by any means but it's quite bland actually. Oh well, i was happy to try a style that is practically impossible to have here."
"Pours a clear pale golden color with a two finger bubbly white head that quickly dissipates to a thin cap on top of the glass. Smells of sweet malt slightly fruity and earthy. Not a whole lot going on in the nose, reminds me of Michelob Ultra or O'douls. Taste is mild slight fruit and sweet malt with just enough hop bitterness to be slightly detectable. There is a weird phenolic taste that I can best describe as what you get with that last sip of diet fountain soda from Burger King. You know when the plastic from the straw leeches itself upon the underlying drink inside the cup. Then again maybe that only happens to me :) Crisp carbonation, thin body with a bone dry finish. Mouthfeel reminds me a bit of sparkling water. 5% alcohol is virtually undetectable. I don't know if this a good Happoshu or bad. I felt it to be light and somewhat refreshing although not much flavor going on here. I am glad I got the opportunity to try this and if I'm ever in Japan I'll try some more."
"Yet another thankful recipient of EinWeizenbitte's generosity here. Thanks so much for the chance to try this very elusive style. The can says ""New Zealand Hop Included"". My understanding of the style is that it is brewed mostly with rice with some barley as an adjunct, and was made originally to take advantage of some byzantine tax laws that taxed based on percentage of barley malt, or some such arbitrariness. I expected this to be have a very low abv, and I was surprised that this was 5%. Very cool textured can. pours a very pale golden with little head. A small cap sticks around. Smells of sweet rice and earthy hops. Light and grainy. Tastes better than expected. Quite a bit of rice flavor, and this is pretty ricey, with lots of sweet rice, not like a subtle adjunct as in Bud. Light and spritzy, but you can actually taste some hops here, which are earthy and herbal with perhaps a bit of citrus at the end. The mouthfeel is light, spritzy, and just slightly on the sweeter side, but quite refreshing. I am usually a fan of rice beverages, I love sake for instance, and the rice flavor is clean and deep here and the hops actually register. I find this strangely compelling."
"Drinkability - not especially endearing, but it disappear readily. Thanks Todd!"
"Overall, it was an interesting beer. I got this to try the style so wasn't expecting much after reading the reviews and it pretty much delivered what I expected in aroma but was disappointing in the taste. Hugely appreciative of EinWeizenbitte for giving me the chance to try it."
"D: Not too bad. Glad I was able to try the style, once again a huge thanks to EinWeizenbitte for hauling these home to share."
"I'm not going to lie, Sparkling Hop is not an amazing beer. Sorry to offend any Happoshu lovers. I will say this about this beer, it is refreshing. Its light, crisp and easy drinking."
"D - I'd pick this over most macros, and it wasn't too hard to finish (although it was a bit bloaty). Positives include the can format, neutral aftertaste, low ABV, and price (in Japan). Still, I'm not gonna rush out to sample other examples of Happoshu any time soon."
"Hey, I didn't know what to expect, but this exceeded my expectations. If I was a dude in Japan golfing on the weekend after ponying up my 500,000 yen a round or whatever the hell it is to golf in Tokyo, I wouldn't mind a cold sixer of these puppies in my bag. Why not? I'm kinda getting bummed that it's getting towards the empty part of the glass to tell you the truth, so that's gotta say something."
"It is a very mediocre beer, but I am very happy I finally tried this elusive style. If this is truly representative, it is a style to be forgotten."
"Other than slightly soapy character, it is pretty inoffensive with just enough subtle bitter balance. It is pretty bland, though. It says that it uses ""New Zealand hop"". The singular, rather than plural, is quite fitting here. I suppose it's better - more balanced - than most ""macros", but not much going on other than a ""heat beating refresher""."
"Drinkability: It really just tastes like a slightly hoppier Bud Select or something, with that same pale, slightly gross malt backbone, a faint, tart and leafy hop note, and low abv%. It wasn't nearly as bad as I thought, though, so, to be fair, I'll have to recommend it ... if you're a happoshu fan. You ARE a happoshu fan, right?"
"M + D: A little more body, with a slightly softer carbonation than I expected. It goes down pretty straight and easy, like many 'lawnmower beers' There are others that I would take before it, but iI can actually tolerate this one."
"Happoshu is much less interesting than I'd hoped. I'm thrilled that I had the opportunity to try it. But, it's not dazzling in any way. It's very similar to a macro lager in many respects. Perhaps it's just a macro lager with a spicy name. Come to think of it, maybe ""Happoshu"" means ""macro lager"" in Japanese. I get it. That must be it. In any event, I'm very thankful for the opportunity. Thanks, Todd. Very much appreciated."
"D: I could easily drink this beer all night, light on everything, with an interesting flavor, easily sessionable, I don't think I'd go rant and rave about this one, but it has definitely been an interesting experience. Interesting beer. Once again, thanks Todd!"
"The beer is light bodied with good carbonation and is light and crisp on the palate. An interesting beer (I mean Happoshu) and reminiscent of a macro lager."
"Edit: wacky Sparkling Hop commercial spots are no longer online... here's a few screenshots http://www.japanmarketingnews.com/2008/02/effective-japan.html"
"Quite similar in many respects to Lite lagers, but very different in the actual flavor. This is worth seeking out. Some people go nuts searching for Westy 12 and Darkness and what not. However, Abt 12 and Old Rasputin are redily available subsitutes. There's no subsitiute for this."
"Overall: Thanks go out to EinWeizenbitte for generously using some of the limited space he had on the plane from Japan to hook me up. You are a generous man. I didnt particularly care for it, but I cant find any reason to say that it is a bad beer. I doubt I will be seeking it out again, but it fits the style guidelines well."
"Overall though it came off like a macro lager, it was still very drinkable. I would have no issue with trying this one again, it was not terrible, though the trek to get it was anticlimatic."
"While Sparkling Hop grew on me a little over the course of the can, it still isn't anything special. I was expecting exotic and got American pale lager ho-hum instead. I'm still thankful for the opportunity to have tried something new. Thanks to EinWeizenbitte for being generous enough to supply a few eager BAs with a happoshu."
"Not bad, mostly inoffensive, which is likely what the brewery was going for. This is nice and clean, and if you don't mind graininess this doesn't have any flaws. Too bad there wasn't really a ""New Zealand Hop Included"" in the can, that would have been pretty cool. Perhaps they meant they used one New Zealand hop in the entire batch of this beer, you be the judge."
"Drinkability is suprisingly high. Easily sessionable, and not that terrible to be honest. I could kick back with a can of this and enjoy myself, but in the same way that I can kick back with most BMC products and enjoy myself with friends at a bar with some hot wings."
"D- This is an interesting beer. It doesn't have much flavor good or bad. Is it better that drinking water? Yes. Does it have offensive flavors? No. There is more flavor with each exhale than with each sip. It is tough to review this beer becuase I can't really describe good or bad qualities there just aren't any. I'm glad I got the chance to try it and I would drink more of this style if it was available. As for the New Zealand hops, I just couldn't detect enough to tell they were in there."
"First lets talk about the can. It's pretty badass. The can is ribbed for your holding pleasure. Seriously, the can is ribbed. Second, it has a picture of a dragon. Third, it has a banner on the bottom that reads ""New Zealand Hop Included"". You read that right, New Zealand Hop Included. Awesome. I poured a 12oz can into my Unibroue tulip. It pours a shockingly clear straw with a big 3 inch head. The aroma is slightly corny with a bit of grass. The flavor has a surprising green apple bite, with a bit of can corn. Honestly it's a bit better then a normal Macro Lager. The mouthfeel finishes pretty dry. While not the most spectacular beer in the world, it's still worth seeking out, especially if you're trying to try all 103 styles."
"Thanks for hauling this back from Japan Bobsy!"
"Gold colour with a thin white head. Slightly skuny macro smell has me worried, but fortunately the flavour is okay, not awesome, but okay. Very light fruity taste with grassy hops lurking in the background. Short, but refreshing aftertaste makes a pleasant change from a big brewer. Mouthfeel is light and the carbonation is medium, but I feel it suits the flavour profile. Not a bad effort for a happoshu."
"Drinkablity: Well put together beer, very tasty and great for summertime."
"Found this in a small Japanese market in Japantown, San Francisco. Light golden with a big whispy head. Aromas is of....um....not much...seltzer water, corn/rice, a faint spicy hop note, maybe a tiny bit of biscuity malt. I'm stretching here. Taste is light and floral with a bit of spice. Spiritzy and non complex. No off flavors compared to MGD or something of that ilk...However, none of the ""frozen hop"" aroma or taste is really there, and no ""regular hop"" flavor is evident either except maybe wayyy in the back as an afterthought. Mouthfeel is thin, spritzy, and dry. Judging within style, this is not bad for a Happoshu"
"Honestly, I'm returning to America in two days and will miss this as my stand-by cheap brew. The cheapest of the cheap in Japan, I'd drink it before I drank a cheap American or Canadian macro any day. If I found it in an import shop, which I won't, I'd bring a sixer to a BBQ, where I am certain it would be enjoyed."
"www.freethehops.org"
