review_text
""
"Get the red Honnama one instead, that one actually tastes like a cheap beer - and I mean that in a good way. This one tastes like dirty club soda."
"The Crack and inverted Glug was perfect! Nailed it, creating a finger-and-a-half for fizzy, foamy bone-white head that could not stand up to today's heat and humidity. Color was a sunshine-yellow, bordering on golden, but not quite achieving it as King Midas nodded his assent. Nose smelled grassy, very much like a German Pilsner. Mouthfeel was very fizzy and effervescent, quite like soda pop, really. The taste was very mild and unobtrusive, kind of like a watered-down cross between 7-Up and ginger ale. The finish left me with a tingly feeling in my mouth, like I had been licking batteries. I do not mean that to be funny or derogatory, but that is what it reminded me of. It was dry and refreshing, but utterly unique in my experience. How do you rate one of these?"
"Back in my hostel in Tokyo and enjoying some beer. Poured from an 11.2 oz. can. Has a pale yellow color with a 1/2 inch head. Smell has some malts, not a lot to it. Taste is mild, malty, thirst quenching but kind of bland. Feels light in the mouth and overall is a mediocre beer, but not bad at this price point."
""
"Drink- Well Happoshu is smashed! Thanks Matt! This was pretty good, better than a BL. Not sure why the hate. I will say best serve cold though."
""
"My beer wouldn't skimp on me, so why should I skimp on my beer?"
"It seems like Asahi is making something called beer for people who don't like to drink beer. About like a watered-down Coors Light."
"Drinkibility - The only good point of this beer (?) is that it can be downed in 2 minutes flat in summer in Japan."
"the taste, mouthfeel and drinkability? water water water. no real flavor to speak of. incredibly boring."
"BB 2006.05. Litle white head and a extremly pale beer with already quiet big particles floating in it( filled sept.05) make it a poor presentation. Nose is giving hardly anything; for that it's not even that bad but also artificial lemon and oxidation notes. Taste is even more horrible having everything a brew should have not and missing taste as it is almost water. Lots of cardboard and xweet oxidation with it makes this brew into one of the most horrible ""beers"" I've ever expierienced. Mouthfeel as water, no bitterness and only bad tastecomponents make mouthfeel and drinkablility'also to a nightmare and avoid is the only thing I can say!"
"9 parts soda water, 1 parts bud. This really boring enough to be awful. I pulled deep to find something to say, but it just is not coming. This has no flavor or after flavor."
"This is truly a very bad beer; It really has nothing going for it. It's says on the can it's 50% off, which I'm taking to mean it's a light beer of some sort. It in fact tastes very much like seltzer water with a cheap beer aftertaste. Really, the resemblance to seltzer water is impressive! I can't think of anything else to write except advice not to try this beer, ever. It tastes quite sterile."
