review_text
"One of my favourite brews to date and it's a local beer for me"
"Black, pours a thin offwhite head.  Smell of roasted malt and dark choc.  The taste is similar, with a real dry finish (like cooking chocolate).  Low carbonation, feels very watery.  Ok if you are after a mid strength dark ale."
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Food match: Stew or Shepherds pie would pair well."
""
"O: Enjoyable and flavorful beer for the style."
""
""
"Beer is medium to medium-light in body, with fairly low levels of carbonation. The result is a smooth, flowing mouthfeel with just enough carbonation to avoid being stagnant. Closes fairly dry, with small amounts of lingering stickiness on the palate."
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Overall: a well put together beer, but far too mild in flavour for me."
""
""
"A low alcohol content but is quite flavourful and pretty well-balanced. There is a nice earthy base and a pleasant feel with some nice caramel and fruit flavours throughout."
""
""
""
"O: Easy to drink and very sessionable considering the lightness of body and low ABV. I enjoyed this one and would recommend it to others as a good example of the style. Good complexity/depth to the flavor and the smell."
"O: This beer is very easy to drink given its light body and low alcohol content but is surprisingly very flavorful, just like other beers in the style."
"Overall, loved this. Will buy many bottles of this."
""
"4.0 D: Tasty, easy to drink beer. Great session beer."
"O: I really enjoyed this beer. Not much alcohol but very tasty."
""
"Overall quite impressed with this one and at such a low ABV I could just drink these all friggin day. Meow!"
"Overall a very good beer, I could drink gallons of it."
""
"O - My first introduction to the Mild style but this is an exceptional brew. I was worried about its age but it has done well in the time since it was brewed."
"Poured into a Celebrator pokal glass. Pours a dark red brown, one finger fine light tan head with moderate retention and tenuous lacing. Light, but inviting aroma of sweet and toastedmalt and chocolate. Flavor is toasted and burnt malt, light suggestions of chocolate and coffee. Flavor is mild, but satisfying. Light to moderate bodied. I was facing this ale with some trepidation because of the ABV, but I am quite pleased at the eveness and flavor combination of this ale. I'm really happy to have had the chance to try this style."
"Easy drinking, the full flavor warms well. With a low ABV, this is a classic afternoon session beer for a lazy day with friends or alone."
""
""
""
""
""
"This is a very nice beer. I can't believe it's the first of the style I've reviewed and one of the few I've tried, though it's not as widely an attempted style as many."
"Taste/ Notes: the upfront taste is pure roasted caramel with no Hops presence at all. Then this aftertaste creeps in which reminds me of potting soil or old coffee grounds. Now this may sound disgusting but actually it is beguiling to say the least. There is an old cottage in the forest about this that just tickles me. This is unlike any other beer that I have ever had. I hope to drink more of this bewitching brew."
"500 ml bottle. Served in a pint glass, the beer pours a clear (when held up to the light) dark brown/ruby red color with about a half inch light tan head that stays around a little while. There's also a good amount of lacing. Aroma is charred/burnt malt, bittersweet chocolate, and coffee. The taste is pretty much just like the aroma, but there's also an earthy flavor noticeable. Mouthfeel/body is light, it's thin but also a bit slick. Moderate carbonation. It's pretty easy to drink, I think it's a great choice for a session beer. I'd buy this again in the future. $3.99 a bottle."
"I am glad I bought a couple of extra bottles and the next time I have company for a session this will be a most promising starter ale."
"Overall a decent beer, but not worth the import price($5) unless I could find it absolutely fresh. So my ignorant opinion is thus: It tastes like a diluted brown ale. /shrug"
"Overall this is a solid session beer. At 3.4 percent, you could drink a good few of these with some good conversation and still enjoy each one. I would love to have this on cask or on tap."
"Pours an almost opaque dark reddish brown with a 1 inch tan head that fades to an oily film. Small random spots of lace form here and there on the glass on the drink down. Smells of dark malt, slight chocolate, and some roasty notes. Taste is of roasted malt, cold coffee, and slight chocolate on the finish. There is a very slight bitterness on the palate after each sip that fades quickly. This beer has very light carbonation with a very watery mouthfeel. I am not too impressed with this aspect of the beer. Overall, this is a pretty good beer and the first of the style I have had. I am not sure if the mouthfeel is like this for other beers of the style but I am not too fond of the watery aspect."
"Pretty solid, probably a million times better on cask. Great mild overall."
"O: It has a interesting aroma and taste, with a nice balance on the hops, but it seems a bit thin and could better if it had a thicker body."
"This beer pours a Coca-Cola brown in color with red highlights. Once fully poured it resembles a dark, dark brown on the verge of black with a one finger, frothy cream colored head. It smells of lightly roasted malts, light coffee with cream, and possibly even espresso. It kind of smells like a frapuccino and it tastes like an iced coffee. It is overly drinkable and is a great session beer, fit for a pub. It drinks light to medium in body, more reminiscent of an iced coffee, which is fine. The aftertaste does the light mouthfeel some justice. All in all this beer was pretty impressive. It's hard to find a quality session beer but this one seems to pull it off and even has good flavor. It's worth a try."
"O- My American senses didn't really appreciate this Mild Ale. It wasn't quite what I expected, but it was mild/average in nearly every sense of the word."
"Cheers!"
"Pours ruby-tinged brown with an off-white quickly fading head. Nose shows lots of caramel and light roasted malt, quite sweet. Some hints of coffee in there to. Really nice despite not being overly bold Flavours are more roasty but still light and mild. Sot much caramel, but still a little bit of sweet malt towards the finish. Great moderate carbonation and light-ish body."
"Not a great beer, but a long way from being a bad one."
"It is a decent beer, only the second of this style that I have had as it is extremely rare."
"D - could easily do a skixer."
"Surprised to see so many reviews and so many high - this tells me the best of English Milds still aren't getting to the US."
" D- This is a very easy drinking beer with a good dark roasted malt flavor but it is to light for a stout or porter. This good session beer as some subtle depth to it but the rich flavor is the many player."
"Light in body and really roasty. OK, this is really really thin. Its like cold coffee. Not my bag but I guess its OK."
"D - Highly drinkable, each sip begs another."
"I poured into my glass to a thin mocha head. This beer is dark brown in color with ruby highlights. The aroma is milk chocolate and bread. The taste is milk chocolate and finishes with some roasted malt. The mouthfeel is pretty thin. This is a very drinkable beer as the ABV suggests. It has great flavor and is not heavy. It could be consumed into the wee hours of the night."
"D: It is a pretty heavy beer but fairly low in alcohol. I could drink a couple of these 16oz bottles without a problem. Although I am reviewing this in the summer, I feel that Black Cat better suits the cold winter months."
"Mouthfeel: Medium carbonation delivers a very mild, plain ale. Some sweeter malty flavors tease the palate, briefly. A vigorous froth releases some hop bitterness. This dark ale with a lower ABV is not bringing anything spectacular. BUT... this ale does taste good and would be very sessionable. Would also be thirst quenching. Possibly fresh on tap or cask in England would have a little more oomph. Solid, average and drinkable."
"With a desserty taste and low alcohol, a very drinkable beer."
"Not that impressive looking but it is hard to believe how much flavor is packed into such a low ABV beer. What head did form quickly faded to just some fine bubbles. Light amount of lacing is left on the glass. Wonderful aroma of chocolate malt and Fuggle hops. Classic English Ale aroma that I absolutely love. The malt and hops work perfectly together in the flavor as well. Notes of chocolate with some herbs and earth. A nice body for such a light beer. Feels much stronger than what it is. A beer cannot get much more drinkable than this. A relatively harmless ABV but still wonderfully flavorful. American brewers could learn much from this beer."
"Deep chestnut color. Some head and lacing. Not much aroma wise-mildly metallic and tinge of sweet, caramel like aromas. Very solid malty flavor. Again a trace of caramel like sweetness. Just enough hop bite to be noticed. Toasted and nutty goodness to be found in here. Very solid mouthfeel for the style. Wow-what a boat load of flavor for such a low abv beer. The Brits really know how to do it well. Just great in general."
"A light ale that's intended to be served on cask is probably not best represented from an imported bottle. Solid as it, but I remain more optimisitc about it in the homeland."
"Overall: Good when chilled, but not too impressed, even though ABV was low."
"Rich chestnut brown with ruby hues in the light. Nice light beige head retained well, with lovely lacing. Richly malty with caramel and a hint of cocoa, perhaps a touch of English hops as well. As far as taste goes, this is probably as much flavor as you can pack into a very low abv beer. Rich and smooth with a hint of chocolate but ample bread and a touch of bittering in the finish, this drinks extremely easily but will probably never cause your palate fatigue. Wonderfully sessionable. I wish I had the whole thing to myself!"
"I poured this beer into my tumbler at 45 degrees. The beer was almost black as tar.. The beer poured a really nice frothy tan head that was like a pillow. The beer had a beef jerky kinda smoky taste. It was too bitter though and watery tasting. Good lacing but thats it. I will buy again though to give tis one another chance."
"Notes: A lot of earthy, woody, and nutty flavors that are a little bitter. This is balanced with a very slight chocolate, caramel malt. Very sessionable beer that doesn't blow me away but is a good beer to just drink a couple."
"Pours a deep brown color with a smallish soapy tan head that settled into a light ring. The aroma is sweet with toffee and a coffee candy. Almost smells like kaluha. The taste is of coffee with mineral water added to water it down. The coffee flavor is nice but light. There is some grain flavors, with toffee sweetness. Pretty good flavors for a low abv brew. The feel is very light and water with fizzy carbonation, almost seems like I am drinking carbonated water with coffee flavoring. Drinks very easy as there is not much body to this brew. I can see why these are session brews."
"The body is decent. Crisp carbonation, moderate depth. Flavors of mild bittering hops, lots of bittersweet malts, a light sour note in the middle, and a faint chocolate finish. This is my first of the style, but I think I like it. Very simple, but full of flavor and character. Nicely done."
"Towards thin, though grows as progresses (never reaching more than medium-bodied at most, even after slow sipping)... Mild-to-medium carbonation. A dry, roasted aftertaste lingers."
"Drinkability: Well it's low in alcohol so certainly one could drink plenty of it with no ill effect, but I don't find it to be a beer that really inspired me to reach for another one. Maybe if I was in a real pub and this was from a cask maybe I'd be inspired to try another one, but I'm not loving it. Not bad, but not great for me."
"Drinkability is pretty good. I don't feel its the most flavorful, but it goes down very easy and makes a definite session beer! Especially considering the low abv of 3.4%. Overall a pretty good brew!"
"Appearance is dark brown to black but a little more transparent than I would like. As a result the beer leaves little lasting impression in the mouth and the flavours do not last beyond the initial rush."
"D: Low alc, dark, and very flavorful, This is a beer I could drink for hours on end."
"Sweet, soft, and a touch dry. Very thin in body, but remarkably creamy nevertheless. Has an excellent texture in the mouth that holds all of the roasted flavors, molasses, hops, and earthiness that exudes from this brew. Interesting malt structure. Almost sheetlike on the roof of one's mouth, the roasted caramel and sugary malts that tastes kind of like a smoked Schwartzbier."
"D - A nice, dark and fruity English ale. A good dose of roasted malt makes this beer seem a little heavier than its 3.4% avb, but it is still appropriately light and drinkable. This is a great session beer with a surprisingly nice brown ale flavor."
"This is a little beer with big flavor. Beers with this much complexity generally carry much more body and alcoholic power. It's good to know that great beers can be had without risk of serious inhebriation."
"Drinkable Mild..oh I would love to taste this fresh at the source. If its this good after such treatment as I saw today it must be near a ""5" beer fresh."
"Thin mouthfeel but not really watery. Its just right for the abv. I cant believe how good this beer is. At 3.4%abv, the drinkability is off the charts. With the solid and complex flavors, this is an awesome beer and one I can imagine is sessioned quite alot across the pond."
"this brew pours up pitch black with a nice bubbly tan head. great lacing. the nose is faint chocolate malts, yeast, pretty dry. the taste is also dry, chocolate malts, low amount of hops, with a bitter finish. medium bodied, medium carbo. Very easy drinking. The ultimate session beer."
"Not exactly black, but almost. More of a cola, red, actually, with a beige, unremarkable head. Smoke billows out from this ale, with a lovely charred wood aroma mingled with a bit of buckwheat honey and raisins, as well as mocha, nuts, and resinous hops. It tastes how it smells: smoky yet fruity and light. It is an odd, but delicious, duck. (Speaking of, it would probably be excellent with duck.) Burnt marshmallow plus hickory and raisins on in the center ring, with other dark notes of cola and cocoa in the periphery. Mysteriously complex. As for mouthfeel, I can't decide if it's pleasantly dry, or a touch too light on the palate... but I'm afraid it may be the latter. Overall it is a very interesting ale, and what an achievement for 3.4%! Must try with all manner of cheese and meat."
"Black Cat is a very drinkable beer that's consistently above average all around. For the style, I'm not sure it can be done much better than this. It's intended to be a light, session beer and it's exactly that. If you're looking for something with a deep range of flavors, move along. That's not here. I'm guessing most BAs pick this up simply to try the style. I know I did. It's not something I'd seek out frequently, but I've enjoyed it for what it is."
"Rating a beer like this is difficult. For me, this type of beer is much more out of my norm than most 'extreme' beers. It is a bit weak and watery, but that is exactly the point. It never feels watered down, just intentionally light, which is basically what a mild is. Very good and I would love to try some more english milds if it weren't for the price (this one was originally $5) and limited availabity stateside."
"Good drinkable beer and very good for style."
"D: Nice and easy to drink. It's in quite a good drink, though a little light for my personal palate, perhaps. Worth checking out, if nothing else."
"D - As expected, this would be a great session beer. Very easy to drink with a mild flavor, even if the smokiness may be someone unapproachable. A memorable first experience with this style."
"Fine carbonation, soft smooth texture. Exceedingly drinkable and refreshing, I enjoyed this."
"Little carbonation, smooth, very easy to drink and amazingly flavorful for the ABV. Toasted, sweetish malts, milky, chocolate notes, with a dry finish. A fantastic session beer."
"Excellent session beer. Not very filling, easily quaffable."
"Conclusion: Bottom line: THE session beer for beer drinkers who prefer a dark beer."
"Prost"
"Quite innocuous really. A good beer to accompany a char-grilled steak."
"Pours a slightly opaque dark reddish brown, quite dark for being such low ABV, medium sized tan head forms, quickly settles to a thin ring, some big bubbles float around, few lace spots. Smell is oats, grainy, some bread, light chocolate roast, caramel, quite nice aroma, touch of fruitiness, but dominated by the grains. Taste is neat, caramel, bread, chocolate, light bit of licorice, oats, some raisiny fruit, very nice dry finish. Mouthfeel is light bodied with low carbonation, very tasty and drinkable. Thanks Sid!"
"M&D: slightly effervescent upfront, but softening fast on the palate before turning slightly thin in the end. On the balance, this is a feather-light-bodied Dark Mild with a very mild malt profile. Not bad, but certainly not doing justice to the original, cask-conditioned version as far as my previous encounter is concerned."
"The taste of this beer is just too darn light bodied, and not enough flavorfulness. The palate is as watery as a big body of water, and it comes no where near to its promise in the nose. There are some watery toasted nut flavors, coffee, chocolate, molasses, sweetish malts, and maybe a bit of hop presence in the finish. This is a bit of a disappointment, but with a 3.4% ABV, I guess this is what you get. The beer is moderately carbonated and the mouthfeel is very light."
"would drink again happily"
"This is my first real Mild Ale and I tell you what. I am now a fan! Great style and I envy the peeps in the UK for having a lot of them to choose from."
"Overall this was pretty darn good I have to say. Not my favorite thing in the world, but I could see how others would love to get a hold of this. Its an interesting style that is loaded with complexities that just make it really wonderful. I would love to try this on cask, probably would cut down on the thinness."
"D: This is a fantastic beer. At 3.4% and packed full of flavour what more could you ask for in session beer. I wish more American breweries would take a stab at this style. Bottle was finished in about 5-10 minutes. Only downside is the $4+ pricetag."
"Pretty solid from my limited experience with the style. I'd like to give this a shot on cask. Import pricing prohibits really treating this as a session beer - why don't more US breweries make milds?"
"In taste, it's flavour is mild and smooth but persistent. Despite it's lightness in alcohol and body, it has a full flavour and nice, sublte complexity, with the elements identified for the aroma plus light root beer and cola elements. It's lightly fizzy."
"Drinkable, but not essential."
"Aftertaste is superb, but it makes my saliva a bit sticky/syrupy. Not terrible, at all... in fact, it makes me want to keep drinking it. Great drinkability!"
"Dark malt flavors dominate with lite chocolate and caramel .. not as sweet as I would expect... I think I am mistaking the ""roastiness"" for a ""smokiness"". Has a pronounced smoky characteristic .. No real hops to speak of .. light body and carbonation... sorta nutty as it warms. Very drinkable, but not for me and I will not dock it for that .. just simply not something that I would ever really want.. the roasty flavor overpowers the other flavors in my mind."
"Pours a dark brown that is clear with a creme head. Nose is decent. Malty and slight earthy tones. Flavor has some nice roasted aspects to it. Interesting almost chocolate edges come into the mix as an after-taste. That kicks it up a bit for me. Caramel tones are very noticeable. Feel is decent. Overall this is an interesting drinker. The qualities of it need to be really searched out as it isn't going to shove it in your face. I would be interested to try this on cask."
"D - Very easy drinker, although I could see myself getting bored of it quite quickly."
"Ruby colored liquid, with a medium sized white head. Sweet roasted malt aroma. Sublime coffee and caramel flavors jive with chocolate and dark fruits. There's a lot of flavour going on for such a low percentage. Extremely satisfying and smooth mouth feel. Overall this is a fantastic experience, and a mild that would make an excellent session drink."
"Pours out a dark, nutty, ruby brown body with a thin ring of head on top and some speckled lace on the sides of the glass. Smells of cane syrup, raisins, dates, brown sugar, toffee, chocolate, leafy hop and roast. Lots of caramel and dried fruits come up front in the flavor, which, towards the finish, has an underlying roast to it. The middle on into the aftertaste has moss, leather and tobacco, with just a hint of smoke. Finishes dry. Mouthfeel is thinnish with a carbonation that could mellow out a bit. If this didn't cost so much it'd be a near perfect session with its dryness, complexities and low alcohol. Awesome."
"Drinkability is high by nature of being a full-flavored mild. But the off-flavor is a bit much, and there's otherwise not enough there to make me want to drink the 15 or so 3.4% beers it would take to satisfy me on a long sat of watching sports. Why get up to pee that much when I can savor a few really tasty, bigger beers while not having to miss the games?"
"This is a beer that is quite simple in taste, but at the same time, well balanced and highly drinkable."
"D: Quite drinkable, in fact, that's its intended purpose: session ale. While its got some character to it, I don't really see myself quaffing this stuff again any time soon. Honestly, a bit too watery and not enough interesting malt backbone to this one."
"Overall: A great “sessionable” dark ale, in the traditional sense of the word. I can imagine drinking pint after pint of this stuff along with fish and chips in a dark English tavern somewhere."
"My only complaint is that a 500ml bottle is four bucks in a store. Otherwise, you could happily drink this one for hours. I imagine having this one on tap in a pub in the north of England would be litttle short of heaven."
"The bottle I bought has a label somewhat different from that shown on this site."
"This beer was black. It poured with a nice rocky head. The aroma was malty and sweet, perhaps with a touch of molasses. The taste is roasted and quite malty. It seems to get smoother after it warms. The mouthfeel is medium bodied and leaves a nice coating on the tongue. Overall, this is a very smooth beer which would make a great pick for sessions."
"Drinkability: A befitting mild ale, though I do wonder how much better (if at all) this would be when sampled in Jolly Olde England."
"Notes: A bit chalky in the mouthfeel and its no gem to look at but where the rubber hits the road this excells. A low ABV beer with depth and character? almost unheard of, at least in my neck of the woods, this has both."
"Dry, malty chocolatey taste. Very faint sourness, slight coffee hints. Strong malt body. Very smooth and easy. A quintessential session ale."
"It starts with sweet malt, then rolls alond with a nice balanced roasty and sweet middle...it finishes with my tongue begging for more. very drinkable, nice carbonation, very balanced just enough hop bitterness so that it is not cloyingly sweet. also, the yeast is very clean for a british ale, a little fruitiness going on, but not as much as i would have expected."
"The beer poured a fine dark amber with a bit of tan lace. The aroma was of dark toasted sweet malt. The taste was of good toasted malt with a nice sweet undertone. The feel was light and dry. Ths was a pleasant twist to a mild. I was not expecting the toasted malt. It was almost like a light stout. Definately a beer that will find it's way into my glass again."
"Overall - A very good and nicely balanced mild... well worth a try..."
"Color: dark brown smell: burnt toast with toffey. The taste was very different the low alcohol and the low carbonation makes the beer seem flat and flabby. But there was some pleasant flavors of roasted malts and a light smoky quality. The mouthfeel was med. body. This beer goes good with a cigar or a cig. but I don't smoke very often. The low alcohol makes this beer most appealing. If you just want to taste a interesting brew without a heavy buzz."
"A very pleasent (and somewhat alternative) offering. This was a favourable blend of a rich,dark, roasted brew within a mild context. Not an easy flavour profile to pull off, but this beer has great composure. Not lean in the least, especially considering its alcohol percentage. Be festive, it's a great treat for when the days start to get shorter."
"Poured out of a bottle into a pint glass, beer is a deep amber-brown that almost looks black. Smell is heavily of toasted malts, also a hint of chocolate. The taste is not overly impressive, but it also doesn't disappoint. The taste is very well balanced, with a malty foreground and a smooth finish. The mouthfeel is light bodied with not too much carbonation, goes down easy. Overall, I would have to say this beer is very drinkable, although I paid almost $4 for a 16 oz bottle... so I think money would be the limiting reagent in this case."
"A very dark brown mild with a hint of ruby. Pours with plenty of carbonation and sustaining off-white head of foam that leaves a little lace on the side of the glass. The aroma is wonderful mix of toffee, chocolate and molasses. The mouthfeel is decent, could be a little softer. This ale starts out a bit fruity with the taste of plums and maybe even figs, until some of the roasted/chocolate malts start expressing themselves. The harsh bite of the carbonation accentuates the bitter finish. A fine mild, but I'd much prefer to have this one off a cask -- too fizzy."
"16 oz. bottle. Very dark brown in color, almost opaque. Moderate, tan colored head. Aroma was molasses and port. Taste was radically different than aroma. Burnt toast/coffee flavor, good but mild hops, very clean and crisp. A bit of sweetness came through towards the end, moreso as the beer warmed. It was light in body, with moderate carbonation. Very easy to drink. A light beer with dark flavor."
"This is a fine brew, I am very happy I found this."
"This could be my favorite from Moorehouse so far. Tasty and highly drinkable."
"This is a firm, tasty pub ale. A great amount of flavor for it's small ABV."
"Poured a deep brown color with attractive reddish hightlites. Creamy tannish head that left nice lacing on the side of the glass. Smell is a pleasant mixture of toasted grains and dark fruit. taste is a bit light but rather enjoyable with a nice hoppy bitterness coming through at the finish. Good drinking session beer."
"It's almost a blessing I haven't seen this brew on-tap anywhere near me, or I would become an undisputed alcoholic since the drinkability of this beer is soooo goooddd."
"Pours a nice deep brown color with ruby highlights at the bottom of the glass. A 2 finger head settles to a full quarter inch coat over top, leaving a ton of lace on the glass. Nose is light caramel and bready notes, with some nutty notes playing in there. No real hoppyness is detected. Flavor is pretty nice as well. It starts nutty, moving towards a mellow brown sugary and caramel sweetness, finishing a very light coffee flavor. Nothing too big, but still very flavorful. Feel is on the light end of moderate, with a moderate carbonation. It works well with the lighter flavors and low alcohol. Overall, I think this one is very well built. Being a subtle beer, there is nowhere for flaws to hide, but I don't find any in it. This would be a great beer to have off a hand pump, sitting in the pub for a solid session. I will have this one again."
"Pours a very dark, but clear shade of mahogany, showing ruby highlights. The tan, one and a half finger head is somewhat dense, but lacking in retention and lacing. Rich, chocolate/roasted malt nose, with a sherrylike aroma. The flavor is of roasted barley and coffee, sweet, but not residual. Almost a total absence of bitterness, just a faint fuggle hop flavor to offset the sweetness. The mouthfeel is flat and thin, with a clean aftertaste and high drinkability. Good choice if you're seeking an english session ale with a mild malt background."
"reviewed on cask at salisbury winterfest. dark ale with thin head that fades quickly, with nice ruby tones. roasty flavors in the nose give way to coffee and chocolate, some fruitiness. a little sweet in the finish, not enough balance provided by hops."
"cheers..."
"The beer pours a dark brown color with a thick frothy tan head that slowly fades to lacing. The aroma is good. It has a rich and creamy malt scent that is sweet and smelling of burnt toffee. The taste is decent. It has a smooth black and crystal malt flavor that goes down easy and finishes dry and bitter. It's light and easy drinking, but lacking a rich malt presence. The mouthfeel is decent also. It is a medium bodied beer with adequate carbonation. This is a decent beer, but nothing special. It has pretty good flavor, but lacking in body."
"Not much head when poured, but there is a pillowy fluffy ring that stays around the outside edge that provided good lacing. I thought maybe the glass had some soap residue which provided the odd fluffy ring, so I poured the other half of the beer in another glass which I made sure was clean and it did the same thing. The pillowy ring reminded me a little bit like blow bubble solution that had been slightly shaken. The beer was also dark, but clear like a cola that had gone flat. Smell was heavy in the roasted malts section with some molasses and also a hint of black licorice. Taste was of roasted malts, a little sweet and slightly astringent. Mouthfeel was thin and smooth. An interesting beer that I'll beer eager to try again to see if it tastes the same."
"Overall, wouldn't buy this again. It says on the label that it won awards. . . in 1998. At first it was reminiscent of the looks and feel of Xingu and the taste of a brown ale, but that faded as quickly as the taste. blah."
"Good beer. Poured out to a deep cherry mahogony color with a good head of about 1/2 inch. Lace is well formed around the interior of the glass. Aromas of toffee, caramel, sweet herbs, earth and some woodiness are present. Taste is very quaffable yet still mild and complex. Flavors of mild malts and cocoa mix with some pepper and earth. Finish is slightly zesty and sweet. Nice. Mouthfeel is calm and mild, very easy going down. Drinkability is good; low ABV makes it possible to put a couple of bottles back without any guilty feelings or a heavy stomach. A very good mild ale. Recommended."
"This is a step up from Michelob Dark, but shares many of the characteristics. If this is a Mild, it is very dark and still fairly thin. If this is anything else, it falls short of expectations."
"Hmmmm . . . I can't really compare it to other milds, since I'm unsure if I've ever had the style before. Served a bit on the warm side, no real hoppiness, a bit of a fruit smell. Sweet with no carbonation or head. Smooth mouthfeel and rather easy to finish off. May try this gain but if I see this one out at a restaurant, then I figure the selection will be too good to just go for this one."
"CHEERS! Beertracker"
"Beer is good. Happy beering."
"Pours a near black color but with some ruby highlights shining thru in a few places with a nice creamy off white head,some caramel and brown sugar in the aromas with a lighter earthy not becoming more prevelant as it warms.There is some complexity to this ale some earthy notes up front with some fruit and caramel melding nicely in the finish.A very nice soft well rounded mild here one of the better I have had to date,I think this is the way all milds should be."
"This beer poured a dark, almost opaque black with red around the edges. The foam was light brown and sudsy and settled after lingering a while. The smell was malty with a bit of caramel and a hint of sourness. The taste was sweetish and malty with some tanginess and a touch of licorice. The hoppiness was modest. The mouthfeel was smooth with medium body and low carbonation. The aftertaste was malty and slightly bitter. This was an OK Mild Ale."
"Very dark and clear ruby brown, with a very thick and creamy beige head. Very wonderfully nice sour scent. The first sip bites your tongue at the sides. Bery nice malty flavors, toasty and good. Pretty balanced and very nicely drinkable. Leaves a nice malty tingle on your tongue for a moment, with the flavors staying around for a bit. Not too think, just enough body there to make it feel good. Perfect amount of carbination. Would like it more if there was a bit more going on flavor-wise."
"My Black Cat delivered fair head and lace. I found the body a bit thin, but that may be expected for this most un-American of styles – a mild ale. A beer this dependant upon subtlety and nuance is not likely to travel well. But Black Cat did tend to grow on me and I’d love to try this at the source in jolly old England."
"This was dark brown in color with burgundy highlights and was topped with a thinning head of coffee and cream colored foam. The aroma is inviting and softly complex. Smoky, almost ashy notes with caramel and toffee, cherries, candy and cake-like. Smells sort of like a freshly baked and warm chocolate pound cake. The taste is smooth, creamy and sweet. Dark roasted grains with hints of vanilla and licorice. The body is a bit light and watery, but flavorful. Overall, this comes across as an easy drinking and very enticing dark ale. Not overly heavy or sweet. Just perfect."
"Smells almost peppery and burnt. Taste a little like chocolate. Sort of reminds me of a tootsy roll not very hoppy. Decent mouthfeel. Good carbonation and a medium body. Overall a very drinkable beer."
"This beer screams 'session'. It's flavorful enough to remain interesting throughout multiple pints, but innocuous enough that flavor fatigue or palate fatigue will never be a problem. Far from feeling unlucky, I feel fortunate that this Black Cat crossed my path today."
"Easily encompasses the best aspects of the ""mild ale"" style, a better sort of brown. But not the kind of thing I'd normally reach for, nonetheless..."
"Who went and put this smoke in my Black Cat? I definately preferred it when it was first brought in and was less roasted and more caramel. But still as one of the few commerical examples of true mild that we see here in the states, I'm a big fan. (It was better on cask back in England, but hey.. nothing's perfect)"
"Very drinkable, mild flavor in a serious looking beer."
"A nice, easy-drinking dark mild ale."
"Dark pour belies a strangely sugary taste. Then a rather out-of-character smokiness pops in, almost like the smoked cheese taste of an Aecht rauchbier. Have to rate it downward since I don't think this was what the style was supposed to be. That may be because I only got a taste of it at our homebrew club sampling."
"Highly Recommended if you want to try a real English Mild from the bottle."
"cool logo with a shrieking cat and a witch zooming off into the air. This is a 500 mL bottle and it says ""Real Lancashire Ale"" above the cat. The beer pours a bit thin, with little head, but has a wonderful black color with ruby highlights if you hold it up to a light. The beer has a subtle aroma, with a hint of malt and roastiness. The flavor is dominated by roasty bitterness, but it is not as intense as a Murphy's Stout (for example). There is also a soft maltiness and slight sweetness to provide balance. Overall the lightness of the beer is evident but it is certainly not a light beer! The back label says they use English malt, roasted malt, sugar and hops to make it. The sugar probably lightens it up a little but this is definitely a flavorful beer, and it would be a great thirst-quencher. This is the only non-homebrewed ""mild"" I've had and this particular one strikes me as a light-bodied porter."
"This is an interesting beer. At first glance and swallow, it seems to be a porter but ends up being closer to a mild. I don't know much about milds but I am guessing this is a particularly dark and roasty one. Poured perfectly into a 20oz glass with creamy, rising head that eventually dwindled to a small ring. Not much lacing. Very appealing aroma with mixture of burnt roastiness, a light yeasty fruitiness, and a malty graham cracker flavor that is unmistakeably British. Flavor is a little difficult to grasp, at first it seems watery and thin with a metallic undertaste. As the beer warms and the palate gets accustomed to it, some more appealing flavors jump out. You REALLY need to let this one warm up to cellar or even room temperature. Remarkably fruity, with some coffee/burnt flavors at the edges. Mouthfeel watery but somehow it works. This would be a great breakfast beer to go along with crispy toast and fruit jams. ABV is thankfully low, a refreshing change of pace from US beers which are 5% or higher."
"Best enjoyed at just below cellar temperature, this brilliant dark ale pours a clear, deep mahogany with ruby-crimson highlights beneath a short head of creamy tan foam. The retention is fair, and it receeds to a decent collar and thin surface covering while still leaving specks and spots of lace throughout most of the glass. An initial whiff of roastiness fades to reveal bittersweet chocolate and a touch of creamy caramel alongside dark dried fruits (prunes, raisins) in the nose. The body is medium-light and it's gently crisp on the tongue with a fine-bubbled, moderate carbonation that softens as it warms. The flavor delivers everything that the nose promises; and although it's fairly basic, it's also quite charming. There's a delicate touch of leafy/earthy hops that becomes apparent, and the way that the chocolate, caramel, and subtle roasty flavors come and go as the beer warms is interesting. It's exceptionally well-balanced by a sublime bitterness that never really reveals itself, even in the short and dry finish. Quaffable! An excellent session ale that offers a great amount of flavor with some variety and complexity to it, but only 3.4% alcohol! Brilliant!"
"You know, if I didn't know better, I'd almost classify this 3.4abv beer as an intensely complex, very dark and roasty Mild. I kinda like the fact that a brew this complex is fairly tame on the body and alcohol front. Quite unique!"
"16oz bottle. Dark brown with caramel edges. Thick tan head with decent lacing. Has a malty nutty aroma with a hint of cocoa. Thin palate with a metallic flavor. Has a light roasted malt flavor but really weak and watered down. Not anything outstanding."
"Pours a dark brown with a nice head that doesn't leave much lacing on the glass. I was disappointed to learn that this brew only had 3.4% abv, so this may skew my rating. The aroma was a bland dark malt, but nothing much more. The mouthfeel is thin as the beer seems a little watered down. Pretty bland overall. The flavor didn't show me much - hints of chocolate and roasted malts, but nothing to write home about."
"Source: Liquid Solutions"
"On cask in Twickenham. This is a dark amber beer with a nice white head. The aromas are of dark fruits, and bitter-roasted malts. The taste is fruity, malty, and bit hoppy. The mouthfeel is creamy and smooth and the drinkability is excellent! A classic UK real ale!"
"Pours a rich deep black with a light creamy head. Aroma of roasted malt and sweet treacle. Licorice/anise flavor blends with the roasted malt, and a bit more sugary treacle. A bit thin, which actually doesn't make it more drinkable. Kind of odd mouthfeel, but it still has a very nice flavor and looks beautiful."
"A beauty to behold in the glass - black with a slight, creamy head. Malty, yet a bit thin at the same time. Roasted malt with a bit of scorched brown sugar. Perhaps a bit of oxidation in the mix. A bit watery for the style. I'm not terribly impressed."
"The aroma is the best thing about the bottle I sampled. It has a chocolate/winey aroma. The flavor is chocolate/treacle and the finish is dry and bitter. The body is fairly thin, probably due to the low alcohol content. I expected more flavor in the beer."
"Touted as a ""black ale"" as per the bottle, this beer pours a nice dark, opaque brown with a thin head that dissapates relatively quickly with little lacing. Aroma is sweet with light roasted notes. Flavors are all very subtle, and do not really become pronounced until the beer warms up a bit. Sweet malts give way to a nice mellow roasted barley with some coffee and other roasted flavors. Lots of character for such a low alcohol brew. AB could learn a thing or two from our friends ""across the pond""."
"Eclipse black color, medium creamy white head. Aroma is mildly of roasted malts. The dark black color belies the mild taste of the beer. Mild malts, mild hops, mild flavor and mild alcohol. Flavors are chocolate and mildly roasted malts. Mild tasting beer, that adheres to its style well. Lots of flavor for a 3.4% alcohol beer, but the 3.4 % does cause it to be a little watery. Mouthfeel is a little thin. Finish is clean and smooth. Aftertaste is slightly bitter."
"A medium sized tan, creamy head that contained fine-medium sized bubbles.The body was dark brown and the lacing was fair.The nose was chocolate and the flavor was mild coffee and sweet chocolate.The mouthfeel of this beer was smooth, tingly, thin, watery and light bodied.There was a slight aftertaste observed with this beer."
"This is a cool beer, no question. Oddly, it suffers as people tend to think of it as a gag beer for halloween. This is one of the few dark beers that I would describe as refreshing. It pours an almost coca cola color with sweet molasses notes showing up on the palate and in the nose. The head is minimal, and the mouthfeel simple and kind of bubbly, yet this thing, though ineffable, is a real refresher. An interesting interplay between light brown sugar, molasses, sweet malt and guiness like hoppiness make for an interesting experience. Don't pass up the chance to try this if you can find it."
"The smell was chocolate and roasted barley malt, hints of licorice and spices arose also from the head. Taste was rather odd, since the licorice or whatever that was seemed to come to the forefront. Not enough hop flavor for my liking, but overall, rather good. The mouthfeel was quite watery and my only real complaint with this one. Imagine a black and tan consistency without the tan.. :) I guess if you like a low alcohol brew without a lot of heaviness or body, this one would be perfect. Unfortunately, I like them much heavier..."
"Lightly sweet, and lightly roasty finish, pretty easy to drink, uncompliacted, but pleasant enough. Dry-ish finish. A little un-intersting, but i suppose being a ""mild"" ale, thats true to style, although, i am sure theres better examples of the style out there, this is still quite alright though."
"This is a welcome departure from all the strong beers I've consumed this past winter. Blackened amber in color, with a trace of plum when held up to bright light. The beige/tan head contained bubbles of varying size and fades rather quickly leaving a rim of lace. Nice coffee, smoke, malt and chocolate aroma. The medium citrus and slightly astringent taste blends well with the full lightly sweet malt body. Looks can be deceiving and this brew is a pussycat."
"A quite deep blackberry color on the pour, the head mastodonic in size, frothy in texture, the color a light chocolate, but erodes quickly, leaving a patchy lace to cover the glass. Nose is Plummish, sweetly malt, fresh and soothing to the senses, hints of peat or musty a better term. Start is lightly sweet, the top skeletal in feel, the finish lightly carbonated, hops shy in their spiciness, a bit medicinal, dry aftertaste, quite drinkable but a touch different than my normal American over the top beers, and “Frankly Scarlet I don’t Give A Damn”, I’m ready for a change."
"Brilliantly clear deep crimson hue. Frothy head recedes into a spotty, loosely bubbled layer. Mild dark chocolate and caramel malt along with stately prune like fruitiness comprise the aroma. Subtle burnt black patent undertone. Chocolate malt becomes sweeter and milky as the beer breathes. Snap of sharp, lightly tart, metallic tinged black malt bitterness upfront in flavor yields to understated notes of chocolate, dark caramel and burnt raisny fruitiness. The mild hop bitterness appropriately offsets the minimal residual and caramel malt derived sweetness. Faint earthy hop flavor melds well with the roasted malt profile. Lightly bodied and crisp, yet smooth, and not thin in mouthfeel. Finishes with a well attenuated dryness lending a fading powered bittersweet cocoa aftertaste. Although Black Cat initially seems like a watered down porter in flavor profile, it becomes progressively more complex down the glass, yet retains a constant lightness and quaffability. A nearly ideal session brew. Similar, but slightly inferior to Young's Dirty Dick."
"I enjoyed the aroma...caramel, coffee, roasted grains. Foretaste is tart, and then becomes a textured and grainy, with an almost smoky, burnt grain aftertaste. Smooth, and very drinkable."
"This looked like a good brew for Halloween season.  The body is extremely dark, almost black.  It pours to a thick, tan head with good retention.  Leaves plenty of thick rings clinging to the glass.  Sweet roasted malt smell, with hints of chocolate and a bit of smoke.  Flavor is mild, with the sweet taste of malt dominating.  Has a lightly smoky taste, but is very subdued.  Hints of chocolate present.  Slight taste of hops comes through in the finish.  Smooth, creamy mouthfeel.  Easy drinking brew, low abv helps make it very drinkable."
"I'm a big mild fan (its probably my second favorite style), and was excited to try this beer that won Champion Beer of Britain at the 2001 GBBF.  Very nice almost black color - just a hint of brownnish-red when held up to the light.  The head dissipated quickly to a thin cap of foam.  The nose is all about licorice, with some hint of malt.  On the palate, the licorice was there, as was a bit of length due to a muted hop note, but there was not enough malt to make me think ""mild"" and not enough complexity for me to think ""great mild.""  While it was definitely high enough on the drinkablility scale to be a session beer, it was unable to pull off that key trick of a great mild - tons of flavor in a low alcohol beer.  I'd love to give this one a shot from cask though!"
"I am unfamilar with this style, so here it goes.  The color of this was very good, being a very dark amber color with a nice head, which didn't hold though.  It might have been due to the beer temperature however.  The aroma smell of coffee and malt.  The taste was almost a combination of sweet and bitter.  The body of it seemed a little light for a dark ale, but then again that might be indicative of a mild ale."
"Btw…I won...sixth win in a row!"
"Notes: Very flavourful and somewhat complex for an ale with a lighter body, an inviting dark brew ... a pleasure to drink. One of the only mild ales imported into the US."
"This is considered a mile ale because they are not heavy with the hops, which is fine.  Very dark, low carbonation, good taste but slighly thin."
