review_text
""
""
""
""
""
"Half pint at the Wandworth Beer Festival. Dark ruby colour, tiny tanned head, thick. Smelled yeasty, had hints of cranberry. Fairly malty, notes of meat, slightly smokey aftertaste. Smooth mouthfull with soft carbonation. Overall nice introduction to milds even if this one is not exactly a typical example of the style."
""
"Drinkability: This is a beer that I have been wanting to try for a long time and I wasn't disappointed when I finally got chance to. At 6% ABV, this is strong for a mild but it works well. It's very drinkable, and it is easy to see how it has gained such a good reputation."
"Strikingly long-lasting creme brulee-colored head in contrast to a no less striking black cherry-red body. Visually it reminds me of a red velvet cupcake, and the smell isn't that far off either. Marshmallows, sweet sherry, molasses and a bit of licorice come through, plus subtle chocolate and peanuts, lots of figs and raisins and just a drop of maple syrup. Dark, deep, and tempting. The flavor is dominated by massive nut flavors: roasted peanuts and pecans dominate, though they are neatly wedded to a dark fruity character of raisins, figs, cherries, and dates. The combination reminds me, in a way, of peanut butter and jelly. There are also lovely coffee, chocolate, and sherry notes in the background, plus somewhat nondescript bitter hops to fence everything in. Suitably lush and smooth, with a surprisingly dry finish of burnt hops. This is a wonderfully sweet-yet-balanced strong ale. Probably very versatile with food, especially curries, cheese, and chocolate."
"A classic - when it is on form. A good beer none the less, if in average mood. I've had it a fair number of times, and have rarely been disappointed. At its best it is deep and complex, rich and fruity, yet with malty (chocolate at a push) overtones. Well worth seeking out. It tastes like a 6%, so you know what you ar edrinnking. And if its might be too much you can always have a half (or a nip)."
"The aroma gives sensory overload.The taste is amazingly rich and it makes it difficult to understand why people find it necessary to brew high gravity beers when this delivers so much at 6% ABV."
"Had three pints last Thursday in 'Ye Olde Robin Hood' Ironbridge, Shropshire. Still a wonderful beer in cask form, please don't let the bottle sour your view of a true classic."
"Weird on all accounts. I like it."
"Sarah Hughes must be turning over in her grave every time someone drinks a bottle of this beer. I'll give it the benefit of the doubt and believe that it was better back in the day. A poor choice for my first beer of 2005. It's a dead cert that the next one will be an improvement, no matter what I pull from my fridge."
"Overall, I'd say this beer is kind of ordinary, with not much to recommend it or reject it."
"The flavor is certainly mild, with a slight roasty presence. A definite cherry/grape wininess. Cardboardy in the end, this is definitely past it's prime. Certainly musty. The body's thinned out quite a bit, with a very light feel. Flattish carbonation, reminiscent of cask. I wish I could have known beforehand, rather than spending $3 on a drainpour. I had this casked a long time ago, and recall it being very good. I'll certainly revisit this and review accordingly."
"It is a cloudy, chocolatety-brown color with little carbonation. There is sweet prunes and raisins in the nose as well as a grape tinge. The body is malty and syruppy yet slight thin. It tatses of some caramel and fruit with a metallic tinge and some winey sourness. Not something I am used to, but I enjoyed."
" My first reaction was, this is not a good sign, my chilled bottle gushed a bit upon opening. The aroma is sour and lactic. Doesn't smell bad. Just not how it should. It is a dark brown color with a brown head. It is quite sour, like a Flemish Brown. Such a dead ringer for a sour brown that it almost seems like the lactic character is on purpose (is it?). This would be how the old ales of centuries gone past would taste. I really like this. There are notes of burnt raisin and roast malt here as well. It is very well carbonated, as is expected from this deliciously infected bottle. Quite light bodied, has a bit of molasses as well."
"I probably didn't like it as much as i should have. But i still found it quite pleasant. Malt dominated, lots of chocolate, vanilla, caramel in the flavour. Soft, round texture, very well balanced, sweetish and rich, quite nice, its actually a beer i've been trying to get my hands on for a while, and even though i was a bit dissapointed, it was a still a nice beer (Cask KentBF 03')"
"Deep red color, no head. Aroma is fruity and vinous. Near wine like taste, vinous with a touch of fruitiness. Tastes more like wine than beer, Not very malty or hoppy. Mouthfeel is full and round. Finish is clean and smooth. Aftertaste is slightly bitter"
"I think if I see it again I'll just pass it up, to risky, even for it being on clearance."
"Vinuous taste. This is a very wine-like brew, in a way none I've had before has been. Very smooth, but in no way creamy. This is a very sultry brew. I can't say it was what I anticipated, but it was very enjoyable nonetheless. Certainly a pleasurable break from the norm."
"Sarah Hughes Dark Ruby: On cask at the Real Ale Festival. I’m going to go out on a limb here and say that this was a very dark maroon. Thicker head that picks up some of the color of the beer. Fairly clear for a cask conditioned beer. Fruity aroma, with hints of dried fruits (think raisons mixed with plums). The taste was a very pleasant surprise, very easy to sip, but with more alcohol than I’d have expected. The taste was initially dried fruits from the malts, with a dryish, almost red wine taste, toward the end, with a bare hint of sourness. The lads and I all thought this was terrific, and I’d recommend it to anyone who sees it on cask."
"This is one weird beer. First it overflowed the glass I poured it into...no, it exploded like a volcano while overflowing. Lots of bubble with this one. Light fruit smell. Taste starts off decent, with a taste of plums and raisins, then falls apart. There is a sour taste on the finish like wine gone bad. Not again for this guy."
"Not really dark ruby. Looks more black but really dark brown. Good aroma, ginger, some coffee, raisin, a little caramel. Taste is odd. It's sour. It didn't smell like it had gone bad, and it almost tasted like it was supposed to be that way. I actually checked the other ratings to make sure my experience fit before rating to make sure I didn't just get a bad bottle. Odd. Didn't have the head problem though."
"Okay people, I pour this beer and it poured out a very dark color.  But I got none of the head that has been mentioned.  My fave spot just got this from their distributor last week.  Don't know if it is an old bottle.  Little if any head and no lace.  The aroma reminded me more of a wine than of a beer.  The flavor had an overiding sour taste to it.  Which once again begs the question, are they trying to emulate a wine quality.  I am a sucker for anything that says dark, but this beer is unusual."
"Worth a try? Sure. I liked it, but I'm a freak -- gave it a ""4" in taste for creativity. Just don't go out of your way unless you are daring for something different."
"Notes: Very rounded and complex ... perfect amount of hops leaving the malt to dominate. Conditioned in the bottle very well and quite decieving for a 6% brew. Considered similar to a traditional mild of the 19th century."
