review_text
""
"Bottle conditioned, a dusty 500 ml bottle at Plan B, Copenhagen, august 2005 - ""best before"" date was Oct. 2004! Tasted definitely a bit ""off"". Black colour, low head. Weak roasty aroma and flavour. Sourish and thin. Very disappointing, as my expectations were high. Will need to rerate a fresh bottle or cask."
"Pours a very nice dark brown, approacking black with a tan head. Looks almost like a stout. Aromas of cocoa and some bright fruit, perhaps raspberry, a touch of treacle, and a round maltiness. Very nice taste. Fruitier than expected, with more hints of chocolate raspberry and quite a bit spritzier than expected as well. This settles a bit and the long fruity, chocolatey malt finish lingers. The slightest bitt chalky at the end. Quite full flavored and nice to see it in a low abv offering. Smooth and spritzy in the mouth Glad I picked this up."
"A terrific example of what can be done at less than 5%. Chocolatey, smooth drinking. Active carbonation that tingle in the finish, and lots of lace. Dark brown with dark malt aroma.Some barrelled raspberries in the finish. This would be a staple if sold locally."
"What a terrific beer. For those of you who think you know what a good Mild tastes like, you may want to bring your taste buds with you to this session. They've packed a ton of flavor into a this lower bodied brew. Initial aroma impresses with an abundance of juicy raisons, dates, molassas malts, and toastiness. Flavors continue what the aromas started, still emphasizing the raisons, figs, and plumbs. All backed up with a rich bready, yeasty flavors that emphasizes freshness. The body remains light, allowing the beer to flow easily down the gullet. Cleans up nicely in the finish with a hint of lingering plumbs and figs. Good Dark Milds are difficult to find, great ones, such as this, are greatly impossible."
"Explodes out of bottle and pours a five+ finger brown head that fades to a thin layer leaving some lace. Almost black color. Good carbonation and medium bodied. Port nose. Starts with a dry fermented fruity flavor, some malty sweetness, finish is sour grapes. Pricey at $2.99 for a 11oz bottle from Lina's Beverages Painesville, OH."
"This made quite an impression on me. It poured much darker that I thought it was going to. In fact, it nearly poured black as ink, pouring a very dark brown. It had a caramel coloured foamy head that actually hung around for 3 minutes or so. Quite impressive indeed. The smell of this ale is absolutely amazing. Very sweet and chocolatey with a good bit of coffee and roasted malt. Perhaps some fruit and berries, as well. The taste was equally incredible. Loads of sweet malt present and nearly devoid of hops, although they are, of course, present in small quantities. I am simply blown away by this ale. It is entirely different from what I was expecting. The mouthfeel is smooth and easy to drink with a pleasant level of carbonation. I will definately buy this again in the future."
"D - high, a sweet easy down, only the alcohol flavor knocks it down a little"
"Aroma is full of blueberries and dark fruits. Black in color with a bunch of tan streaks and bubbles pretending to be a head. Fore is dry black licorice, raisins and some prune notes. A bit of bitterness in the finish, but it is a fruity bitterness more citric than hoppy. Increibly still beer with virtually no carbonation."
"Drinkability: Not at all what I was expecting in a Mild, particularly in the mouthfeel area, I nevertheless really enjoyed this complex and unusual beer"
"M&D: the mouthfeel is soft but constantly fed by lovely creamy bubbles. The body is pretty light, true to the standards of a mild, and the flavour is also mild, to my surprise actually. Overall this bottle-conditioned version is not a bad attempt at all, but I fear the more colourful fruitiness and richer maltiness as in the cask version are not packed in the bottle. The end result is a softer and cleaner mild, though. Still quite drinkable."
"16.9 ounce bottle. No freshness dating."
"This one pours a very dark color with a tall head that has nice retention and leaves lots of lacing on the glass. As kmpitz2 said, the aroma is just like fresh raisins. Weird. The flavor is mostly comprised of that fresh raisin thing. Tasty, in a weird way. I wouldn't really call this a mild, but it's still good. Body is moderate and the drinkability is ok."
"This beer pours a black (I think it is a super dark amber) color with a 4 finger head that falls rather slowly. The nose is interesting. Its almost like ground up raisins, right out of the little red box. The flavor is nice, with quite a bit of raisin flavor along with a kind of pulpy fruityness on the end. Interesting. The feel is a light moderate, with a moderate carbonation. I like it. Overall, this is very refreshing and fruity. I'm not sure if it fits the style, as I have had very few of them, I do like it."
"Drinkability – There’s no modesty here. This is a big ‘un to say the least. They ought to add a new style from Mild Ale to Wild Ale."
"Gale's Festival Mild is a better than average English dark mild that has flavor to spare. Its whole isn't quite equal to the sum of its parts however; it could stand to be more tightly knit on the palate. I did enjoy this little 11 oz. bottle though and will probably buy it again if I see it on the shelves. I'm betting that it's much better on-cask."
"I paid 4.50 for a 500 ml bottle. What a burn!"
"I think that this is a splendid ale of a (at least outside the UK) unusual style.. It is quite expensive (approx US$4 for 50 cl), but well worth the money."
"Taste: hops bite first, then back away, malt is prevalent, carbonation high fizz aplenty. Too aplenty. It's like a soda pop up in here. Tart, too. Nothing but fizz and sour, not terribly pleasant. I'm going to sit with this for a bit, to find something to enjoy in it...ain't happening...eh! ...not liking it! Spent $5.49 before taxes for a 500ml bottle of mild ale that's not the tiniest bit mild...not worth it...a bit of a vinous character peeps up toward the end, but it's too late...this was a waste..nothing to get ""festive"" about, or anything, for I did nothing but wince and grimace. Ugh. Skip. Skip Gales altogether, if you're wise. Wiser than I. Let my sacrifice not be in vain."
"Deep mahogany with very little carbonation. Never really forms a true head but the dark color is quite attractive in this mild ale. Nose features notes of chocolate, toffee, coffee and hops. The complex flavor profile exhibits mild chocolate malt, raisins, toffee, roasted coffee beans, and some balancing, relatively citric, bitter hops on the finish. Somewhat vinous and very well rounded. Smooth, almost non-carbonated mouthfeel, just like what one might find in a cask-conditioned pint of mild. Super drinkable -- low abv, huge flavor -- a pleasure to drink."
"With the designation ""mild ale"" I expected something very low key and conservative. This beer surprised me at the first sip - a citric tartness followed by a bright caramel/toffee malt. Some apple flavors drifting about. Sharply carbonated. Finished a little dry and clean. Quite the lively beer with a lot of personality. Love to try this with some beef stew."
"Did I say wow?"
"Special recomendation from shiredave. This one was quite a beauty. After pouring just a little of the beer a huge head appeared, huge a craggy with tons of bubbles.. However, with a little patience it receded allowing me to pour the entire pint. It was a rich dark mahogany, which was opaque except for a slight hint of brown at the bottom of the glass. Smell was very odd indeed. The aroma was do intated by huge notes of prune and vinous red wine flavors and a fair bit of peatiness. Taste was sweet and tart with raspberry and cranberry flavors competing against a slight smokey undertow and that same tart mustiness that you would see in a lambic. There was just the barest hint of some slight floral hops. The mouthfeel was not overly carbonated as this is obviously bottle conditioned and damn proud of it. If I ever saw this on cask I would get it in a second. Tasty session brew."
"Dark brown body, with a coppery tint. Thin, but persistent head. Light roasted malt aroma, with fruity and mildly spicy hop notes apparent. Excellent flavor. Rather malty, with hints of fruit, chocolate, and earthy and slightly spicy hops. Low, refreshing bitterness. Low, refreshing bitterness. Leaves a faint bittersweet chocolate aftertaste. Very smooth and light bodied. Damn, I wich I could get a cask-conditioned mild like this more often..."
"This is a most excellent mild ale."
"Mahogany in color with a dense light brown head. Flavors I noted were raisins, alcohol, a tanginess, dark rich fruit, flowers, and a good sweetness. Tangyness was suprisingly strong and while not necessarily appropriate for the style, I quite enjoyed it. As the beer finishes it leaves a slight chocolaty tang and a low bitterness. Would definitely pick this up again"
"Dark brown with a nice, pillowy head and bottle-conditioned chunks.  A touch of molasses in the smell.  Very mellow and pleasant toffee flavors, a little roasty/smoky tone and restrained but well-done bittering.  Nice crisp close suggesting a subtle hop.  Delicious and extremely drinkable beer, the cask version undoubtedly deserved its CAMRA award."
"I am a fan of porters/stouts and my trusted seller recommended this dark ale.  I found a wonderful dark color, tan head(could have held better), and a good taste"
"Full bodied, dark, mildly sweet and fruity. Heartier than most mild ales."
