review_text
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Pours a dark brown color, decent cap of foam. Aroma of nutty malts, caramel, and light floral hops. In the flavor, alittle roasted malt, caramel, nutty maltyness. Somewhat bready, balanced, light coffee, very clean finish. Lighter bodied, super smooth, and quite easy to drink. Milds are underrated, and this one I could easily make a staple session beer. Mild in every sense of the word, but not a bad thing."
"How wonderful this beer that flows out from the brewery this one time and into my glass. Dark amber the hue, the carbonation rises slowly and naturally from the depths of the glass to form a head that Guiness would be jealous of. A little sweet and bready aroma with some very light chocolate. A light hop bitterness and slight ping of citrus accompany the delicate chocolate and sweet malt. Dark but light. Light but not thin. Nice body, really easy drinking, very tasty. A brilliant piece of work.."
"O - This has awesome drinkability. It just so creamy and goes down so easily. This is an awesome session beer, no doubt. I think this is an awesome anytime beer, especially since the low ABV. I wish I could get this regularly."
"I have drank many English style beers recently, bitters and ESBs and the like, and found I didn't like them nearly as much as I used to. I thought that my tastes had changed, as I was more into imperial stouts, but this beer shows that my tastes merely demanded more flavor, which this beer delivers."
"Clear dark brown with reddish highlights, there's a dense light brown head that caps the beer. Retention and lacing are excellent. The nose is great, brown sugar, toffee, a little nutty with some green fuggles hops. A little coffee is also present. Some toasted wheat bread is also present. The palate opens light but with a nice body. Brown sugar, toffee and a nice nutty flavor, along with a mild bitterness, earthy and a little leafy. A little molasses, even? In some ways, this is a cross between a more traditional dark mild and an English brown ale. Drying on the finish with a toasty, mildly fruity yeast character, this is expertly conditioned and a joy to drink"
"Had this on cask at Victory. A ruby colored beer with a nice foam head that clings to the glass. I get mostly a light roasty-like taste and smell. Some toasty notes. Hops aren't evident to me in aroma or taste but their bittering influence is definitely there to balance any sweetness from the malts. Was expecting a little more malt character. Nice mouthfeel as it's creamy in texture and light drinking. Easily, a very decent session beer."
"Had a pint at the Grey Lodge Pub. It has a rich cocoa and hazelnut though the flavor is considerably, uh, milder. It's slightly acidic with a hint of oxidation (expected in a cask beer) with gentle roast and nutty flavor. Very drinkable and light bodied. If there weren't other beers here I wanted to try, I'd have had more."
"Well I for one am glad that they took this one out of retirement. It's a little more hop forward than I would have expected for an English Mild but I didn't mind one bit, as the extra crispness helped counteract the thinness of the cask feel. Really tasty and HUGELY drinkable stuff! I'd love to see this become a fixture on the hand pumps here."
"On-Cask at the brewpub. This is a dark amber/near brown brew with a small cask-like head of foam that dies rather quickly and leaves a minute amount of lacing. The aromas are all spicy/citrusy hops and light biscuity malts. This brew taste very authentic. Citrus hops up front with bready malts in the middle and a clean hoppy finish. The mouthfeel is thin, but perfect for the style and the drinkability is very good as well. This is a very authentic Dark Mild and Victory has done a very good job with it. Wow, Dark Milds are rare in the UK, what a treat to have one on cask in PA!"
"The mouthfeel was smooth at the start with a mildly crisp finish. Some malt lingers on the tongue after swallowing. This is a decent session brew, as the flavors are mellow and it is perfect for an afternoon of quaffing beers without overloading your tastebuds."
"First sip reveals a thin yet not watery brew, very light carbonation as cask ale should. Light caramel start to the flavor which rolls to a bitter pine hop presence that lingers for a few seconds and then gradually fades. Very Very easy to drink., Excellent session beer!"
" Overall a really nice drinkable mild."
"Dark amber color served with a perpetual off-white head. Spicey, pine-laced hop aroma. Light, malty taste with a decent hop note. A bit of a soapy hop taste with an attractive bitter finish. Light mouthfeel and a good drinkability. A very good session beer, and a surprise from victory. After my other Victory experiences that are sort of ""in your face"" flavorful, this one can be better appreciated for the subtle nuances behind the hoppiness."
"Found this Victory session gem on cask at the Sharp Edge Creekhouse. Just let me say this is a very mild, but one very nicely brewed delicate brew. It appears a pale amber gold with a creamy textured tannish foam head with a healthy amount of trickled lace surrounding my glass. The aroma is a wonderful but tame floral hop character with underlying malt tones. Very nicely done and on the forefront of the flavor there is a slight creamy caramelly mix of light hops and sweet malt. Texture is very frothy and inviting one drinkable session beer from the Victory brewing company."
"Beer comes out a nice brown color. Very little head on it, but it managed to stay around for awhile. The first thing that you notice when you pick up the glass is that the beer is""warm"". Not really warm, but served at proper cellar temperature for this type of beer, not cold. Very full flavored and malty. An excellent version of an English Mild."
"Sweet malt nose. Soft smooth balenced mellow flavors. Deep dark scarlet color with a slight white head and lace. Very pleasing to the tongue. Mellow is the word to use to describe this ""laid-back"" beer. Quite drinkable as its lower on the ABV chart. Smooth creamy soft flavors. I enjoyed sippin' this beer on the tour the BA's were given my ""The Man"" (Ron) himself."
"Almost too easy to drink. A unique beer in a special style."
"Overall this was a great Table Beer or second running or Mild if you like. Extremely well balanced and drinkable. A very rare treat! I could drink these all night long if it wasn't for all of the other great offerings at the brewery tempting me."
"Cask-conditioned through handpump at the brewery. This mild was originally dark in color, but the current version (which is made from the second runnings of the Old Horizontal barleywine) is a hazy amber. Its full, creamy, white head holds exceptionally well. It drops to a thin surface covering and leaves excellent lace throughout the glass. The aroma is limited but offers some nutty malt and a light touch of fruitiness. The light/medium body is enhanced by its soft, smooth, and creamy mouthfeel. Very nice! The flavor is mainly malty - gently sweet with a light, nutty-caramel that's almost cake-like - and backed by a mild, supportive bitterness. It definitely falls towards the sweet side, but it's still very well balanced and quite authentic. The maltiness simply fades away into the finish, lingering gently and reminding you that there's more at hand! Highly drinkable and quite enjoyable. This is a true session beer that has enough character to keep it interesting through several pints. Well-done. Highly recommended!"
