review_text
""
"O: lots of promises, but in total a sub-par beer"
"Overall a nice beer. Would drink again."
""
""
"O - A nice refreshing beer, a bit thin in body but it has good flavor."
"a great deproef style primitive but an american wheat and completely without category. Pour is dark orange amber with a smaller white head. Nose of funk that i'm associating with curdling honey. Palate is that... A floral note of funk... Mild carbination. Hint of bitter orange peel but not bittering. Finish is brisk. Pollen and plum. Broad drink for abv... Fantastic for lamb, parsley, and brie."
"Drunk on a picnic at a layby in Brittany France and poured into a plastic cup. The beer is a warm amber color with a tight head of buff-colored bubbles. Sweet malt dominates the nose (think digestive crackers). The flavor is also dominated by rich, bready malt which is joined by warming alcohol in the finish. Gwiniz Du paired nicely with a Babybel cheese and an apple."
"Mehhhh.... not a bad beer, but not something I want to revisit any time soon."
"Drinkability...no problem. It's here, then gone. Easy to drink...just not sure I want to drink another. Not sure I don't, though, either. I'm a bit ambivalent."
"Easy drinking. More like a Belgian Wit or Bell's Oberon than the other blé noir beers of Brittany."
"Drinkability : a good beer in the style buckwheat beer, brewered by Britt in Britany (France)"
"Taste was fruity of red fruit. The dark wheat give the beer a nice roasted, grainy wheat taste and really adds to the overall complexity. Some caramel which gave the beer it's body and chewiness. There is some bitterness which goes well with the style. Body is medium and drinkability is OK."
"Pleasant beer, very drinkable."
"Overall - A pretty good beer... Recommended !!"
"Deep orangey copper body with no head, but intense carbonation. Light malty aroma with licorice and dark fruits. The flavors come out rather strong at first, but they just don’t carry in the finish, that is particularly watery while being slightly tart. In the middle, there’s a big sugary and peppery rye and acid fruits aspect, but the shortness kills it. A bit too candyish, but I like its differences, if only it had a bit more lenght..."
"A nice and fine white collar on a dark purple mahogany color body. It's a buckwheat beer, and therefore smells like buckwheat. The smell is dry and salty. The taste is very refined and enjoyable. Dark malts create a nut and even chestnut flavor. Some winy aspects, wooden red fruits flavor with the nut or chestnut aspect remaining longer in the aftertaste. Very light hints of caramel and coffee. Nice notes of smoke. Mouthfeel is so smooth and creamy. A great beer."
