review_text
"O - A better than average beer. Not brilliant, but multifaceted and interesting."
"Has been an ok beer in the past if well short of spectacular. Brown in colour with a faint ruby hue. Nose is not really inspiring; faint roast and minerals. Very amber ale-like to taste; milky chocolate (mild) and maybe the faintest hint of roast. Underpinned with a slightly cloying sweet note which is not attractive. I’ve had better bottles."
"Pleasant beer, nice tart notes offset the roastiness, and vice-versa."
"Not one of Jamieson's best. It left me feeling quite underwhelmed, and not very excited."
"An interesting beer with lots of character. As it warms the wheat beer characteristics become more noticeable, increasing complexity."
"An average beer which unfortunately misses the mark for me."
"It's afair bit darker than expected. Takes a while to get used to this beer. It isn't terrible at all but sometimes you're just not sure what the brewery was aiming for. It has some solid dark wheat traits particularly on the nose, but it's a little syrupy on the palate. I'd drink it again but wouldn't go out of my way for it."
"Not sure what happened here; this isn't as refreshing as a hefe, but not as tasty as a dunkel-weiss. Fails on both counts."
"This beer pours a jet burnt copper colour that has a two finger creamy head that hangs around for a little while and leaves lacing down the glass that sticks to it and smells distinctly of nutmeg,cloves and spices and almost looks like and smells like a nut brown ale or a dunkel weizen,on taste you get nutty,bready,wheat flavours quite a easy drinking beer but not my favourite beer but could definately drink more than one of these."
"D - Nice enough but it just doesn't do it for me."
"I had this at the brewpub in Jamieson. Well, actually I sampled my wife's beer. It poured a ruby colour with a nicely-retaining head. The taste was dry and if I had to guess I would say that it's a nut brown ale. Guess not, though. The wheaty mouthfeel is nice but something about it hindered the drinkability to my tastebuds. My wife really liked it, though. Give it a shot if you see it."
"Overall a passable and enjotable beer"
"A pretty decent beer overall, but wish it was just a bit fruitier."
"not as good as the great hefes of germany, but geez its a top notch attempt by an aussie brewery. all i can say to the wheat beer lovers of australia, and anywhere else you can get this, by golly its worthy of consideration for the next drinking session."
"Ok, i'd had a bit to drink by this beer, but i thought it was pretty good, chocolate and banana flavours, and a bit salty, smooth aswell, Probably my fave from this brewer, pretty smooth and lightly tart, but nothing is overwhelming, fairly solid..."
