review_text
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"O - A good, but not great beer. Would be good in early spring as the weather begins to turn warm."
"Drinkability- Not all that bad but only can drink one. This reminded me of the Schlafly Pumpkin ale except with more wheat added in and less ABV%. Wondering why it says this beer isn't being brewed anymore while I enjoyed it last night (3/7/11)."
"D- 4 I could enjoy this dark wheat beer for hours. It's very well-balanced. It's tasty and smooth and light enough to drink easily. This is a solid brew I'd recommend trying if you're looking for a twist on wheat or just a flavorful, easy-to-drink option in general."
"Drinkability: Very, very pleasing and drinkable. While the American Dark Wheat Ale style description on BA states there should be no banana esters, you could definitely smell and taste them with this brew. A very pleasing wheat ale that has just enough going on to intrigue."
"Poured from the tap a nice dark orangey yellow with a nice rocky white head, that disapated but left a small amount of lace for the rest of the beer. The smell is a nice mix of yeasty floral notes with some slight fruity and wheat notes. The taste is similar to the smell dominated by the yeast but is backed up by some decent bananna and clove with a small spice note. Mouthfeel is smooth and active with nice carbonation. The drinkability of this beer is wonderful could definately have a few of these. Very nice american wheat from Schlafly."
"Appearance has a cloudy golden brown color so thick that i can't see thru the glass. Smells very aromatic with the yeast with a very sweet fruit smell to your nose. Tastes sweet, malty, biscuity, yeasty....then very sweet again with a little sour aftertaste. Good mouthfeel with a nice well balanced flavor not much carbonation. This is excellent, i would drink this again."
"Clear, deep amber with a slight redness and really no head to speak of. It almost looks as if its gone flat when sitting in the glass. The scent yields lots of spice with just a touch of banana and bubblegum. The tastes are much of the same with the addition of a fruity apple component. The spiciness really dominates and ends in a lingering pepper. You have to try to taste the banana and bubblegum. Despite the appearance of being flat, it has a good deal of carbonation. I didn't really know what to expect from this offering, but it was better than I anticipated. I'd have it again."
"A fairly aggressive pour into a nonic glass yielded a quarter inch of tan head. It is amber colored. The aroma has a lot going on. I get bubblegum, banana, clove, and other spices. The taste is some caramel malt, clove and is dominated by spices. The mouthfeel is medium. I really like this beer. I wish the spices were muted a bit to let some of the other flavors come through. I would absolutely drink this again."
"While I think this is a good beer, especially for a style that doesn't get much attention, it's not one that I'd necessarily drink over and over."
"Quite impressive, to say the least: a clear example that American brewers can be creative without going overboard. Grilled lemon-pepper pork loin and Asiago polenta would be an awesome pairing to toss that this beer."
"Overall, good beer. A bit more bite and carbonation would have improved it, in my opinion."
"D - Is good but since it reminds me so much of a German beer I'd rather have a Schneiderweisse or another German wheat for the fact they have much more body and in most cases, a much more accentuated aroma and flavor. However, this is a pretty good interpretation of a dark German wheat."
"On tap at Bottleworks. Called ""No. 15"" because it was made for their 15th anniversary, and then made into a year round offering because of it's popularity. Pours a cloudy brown with red hue. Small head quickly receeds, but leaves good lacing. Smells of banana, clove, and cinnamon. Good balance between spice and sweetness in the flavor. Carbonation level is about right, mouthfeel is medium bodied. A very drinkable beer, had two with lunch and it complemented the BBQ Pulled Pork sandwich very well. Not a beer that you would walk in and see it on tap and say ""Wow, I have to try that one!"" but it's a very solid offering from Schlafly."
"Definitely a repeat for the future without fail. Very highly drinkable and pretty affordable too."
"Could easily finish a few of these."
"Overall, an average wheat ale. Nothing too special but refreshing nonetheless."
"This is an ok palated beer that has a chalky palate,but still has some sweet wheat flavors, but a generous hop dosage for balance."
"Drinkability: I could easily get through a couple of these in a sitting; I love the flavor profiles and the balnace provided; the ABV doesn't feel like much of a factor at all and at 6%, as long as I'm not driving I""m enjoying a couple of these in the future; quite a pleasant beer."
"Medium body and a clean finish. Some sweetness in the palate, nice fruity character. Pretty good for a dunkel / American dunkel. Don't have much to say, just a good beer."
"D- a pretty unusual style. not my favorite, but its good for a change. i wont be seeking this out again anytime soon."
"D-Fairly complex and interesting overall. A bit light on the palate but the flavour profile rescues this one from boredom!"
"This beer is drinkable but suffers a little in the flavor department."
"Mouthfeel is right on, and drinkability is superb."
"Would I buy more of it? - I think I would and this would definitely be a beer that I'd make other people try just to get their reaction to it."
"Medium-bodied, this wonderful beer isn't flashy or showy, but it is a flavorful wheat beer, and one of Schlafly's finest. Eminently enjoyable and steady."
"Drinkability: I'd rate this as high. I, and everyone trying the beer with me, held it in high regard. This is something I could see easily becoming a staple in my fridge for when I'm just relaxing, though with the strong sweetness to it, it would be easy to become over-exposed if this were the only thing you were drinking."
"Overall, a good sessionable wheat ale although it is somewhat too sweet at times and could use a tad more carbonation. One of my favorite beers when first getting into the craft beer scene."
"D: This is a very drinkable beer with a clean finish. Seems like it would be a very nice beer for a summer evening."
"Easy drinking, flavorful, and reminding me that I have a bottle of Aventinus just sitting around..."
"The taste is also light, small notes of wheat with nothing special. Mouthfeel is light and good drinkablility."
"Mouthfeel is very soft and has a dense texture. I swear this is the base recipe for the Pumpkin Ale. Thick, though not as filling as a hefeweizen."
"smooth and drinkable. very quaffable brew."
"This beer pours a beautiful cloudy toffee amber color with minimal head to and absolutely no lacing to speak of. Nose is of yeasts, wheat, clove, and banana. Taste is of some malts, presence of wheat, there is toffee and sugary sweetness in the middle that lingers, finishes with some nice spicing. Medium body with low to medium carbonation, creamy feel in the mouth with a clean finish to it. The sweetness in this one makes it a one beer minimum for me, however - it is a nice lil brew to enjoy."
"Drinks great, pretty smooth all around with the mix of malt and wheat."
"A decent brew but not something I think I liked enough to get again. Though it is much more interesting than an APWA."
"Multi-grain wheat bread up front. Light banana and some mild tropical fruit sweetness come in. Slight adjunct-y flavor follows along with some fruit juice. Mild spices (cloves, grains of paradise) hang around into the finish. Yeasty bitterness (mild) dries it out. Medium body, with a creamy feel. A nice drinking summer beer from Schlafly."
"Pours a dark amber color with a full finger loose foamy head that resists fading, leaving spotty patterns of Belgian lacing behind. The smell is unexpected from a dark wheat...spicy clove and coriander. Adequately carbonated, the mouth feel is light bodied. The spicy pumpkin and interestingly fruity wheat is not typical. A reasonable drinker."
"But the taste was light and fruity on the finish. I only wish it finished a bit more clean, but I could definitely drink quite a bit of this beer."
"Conclusion: Consider. Me. Surprised. Great beer from Schlafly; I wish I woulda tried this sooner."
"D. Decent ale I could enjoy a few of these right after work, by the way thats exactly what I did!"
"Overall not what I expected from reading the bottle, but I was pleasently suprised, this is a very good beer, and would definatley pick up again...if only it were available in my area."
"No experience on this particular style, but on a gross comparison to dunkel weizens, is a bit thinner and the maltiness is not everything I expected. Decent."
"D: This goes down very easy, a great summer beer. Could possibly be used to convert a BMC drinker in that it is not ""heavy"" or ""bitter"". One of the best american wheats I have had, I will be buying this again. Highly recommended."
"drinkability is good - lots of wheat ales are a little to sour but this has non of that"
"Overall the color was off on this beer but that was about it - definitely worth a shot."
"Glad I got to try it, not sure I'd go out of my way to have it again."
"From a 12 ounce bottle and into a nonic pint glass. The ale appears a clear dark amber color with about two fingers of light ecru foam. Nose and flavor are reminiscent of banana bread, clove, toffee, caramel. About medium in both body and carbonation, this ale is worth at least a try."
"This is one of the more drinkable beers I've had. Such a nice mix of flavors that I wouldn't soon tire of it. The moderate alcohol content helps as well. Glad I took a chance on this one, I would not hesitate to try this one again."
"Drinkability is decent, but the sweetness would be too much after a couple pints."
"Pours light brown with a medium amount of head. Smell is of sweet fruits, malts, floral notes. Taste is pleasing, fruits - strawberry, raspberry, peach. Mouth is okay but a little too light for me. I would def drink another but there are others to choose from so this one will be enjoyed at another time."
"drinkability: i would drink this every day of the year if i was somehow related to the schlafly's. she's a taste-boy"
"Wow, this tastes great! I was thinking I was opening a pale American wheat beer, but this is a very nice German style dark hefe. A bit heavier on the clove and wheat flavors, but it has a very clean taste and finishes crisp and refreshing. Now I am pissed I only bought a single of this fine brew."
"D: I was surprised by how much I enjoyed this. I'd definitely drink it again"
"YMMV - I am not a big Wheat person."
"This is an unusual beer style - I can't say much until I try more examples (I've got a Choc beer kicking around somewhere here). Solid beer, nonetheless."
"I enjoy all of Schlafly's brews I have had up to this point but this beer simply misses the mark. Wheat beers are hit or miss with me in the first place but this beer has a lot of everything I'm not that of in my wheat beers. Thanks for the sample Brad!"
"overrall- I would certainly pick this up again. I would recommend it to less than avid beer drinkers as well. its modest and mild, which is a welcome respite from the cacophony of beers available."
"Drinkability - this one vanished very quickly. While the Cinnamon taste in the Christmas Ale can be a bit on the strong side, and possibly keep me from wanting to drink more than 1 or 2 in a night, I could put several of these No. 15s away pretty easily. As far as Missouri breweries go, Boulevard is #1 hands down. But Schlafly is making a strong case for the #2 position, and they offer some very enjoyable brews to back up this claim. I would consider this one of the jewels on their crown."
"Soft drinkable brew that is one of my top rated active bottled beers for the American Dark style."
"Pours a cloudy amber color. Decent head (1/4 inch) with slight retention and some lacing. Smells of fruit with some sweet malt. Fits the style quite nicely. The fruit and spice is upfront and very pleasing. The sweet malt complements the fruit and gives a nice smooth aftertaste. The slight amount of hops taste dries the palate which is perfect for enjoying the next sip! Carbonation is a bit lower than I would have thought, but that is the least of my worries. Overall, a really good beer that is full-bodied and smooth. Very easy to drink and I would recommend."
"M/D - Fairly easy drinking beer, lots of flavors make this an interesting one to try. I'm definitely hoping for some more"
"Overall not bad, I would be curious to see a few other members of this style before I make a firm decision either way, but seems to be worthy of a repeat."
"Pours a blood orange color body, very opaque, very cloudy. Has a flowery aroma, some spices like coriander. Soft mouthfeel, somewhat watery. Has a floral spicy taste. Very tasty. Fruity, like pear or apple. Sweet spicy finish"
"Sample at the brewpub. This beer pours a mostly clear dark orange color with a wispy off-white head that diminishes quickly. Spotty lacing on the glass. Aroma if yeast and orange peels, along with some malt. Light, clean body with a zesty character. Flavors of citrus, spices and yeast are present along with some doughy malt. The finish is spice and yeast with a mild citrus aftertaste. Decent overall."
"D-more complex than alot of other reps of this style but does have a few off flavors. Certainly worth a try."
"Very drinkable. I'm sure I'll purchase a case of this when I visit the liquor store next."
"A decent amber wheat from the people in St. Lou but nothing that really slaps me in the face and demands I pick up more; especially since I would have to drive to Kentucky to get it (not distributed in Ohio). This would be a decent hot weather brew IMO."
"D- The mild wheat flavors and hefe yeast notes are intersting paired with the apple flavors."
"drinkability is good. this is basically a hefe with a touch of caramel malt. the color is deceptive when it comes to its flavor, but works well overall."
"M/D - Medium bodied and very chewy feel. Well carbonated as well."
"Tried on tap in St. Louis, MO in July of '08. Came to me in a glass a cloudy, muddled amber/brown color with a tan head about one and half fingers thick. Aromas were inviting, ripe fruits, Eastern spices, caramel. The tastes were also complex. Malted sweetness, cooked bananas, notes of wheat provide a tang along with some citrus hops. Rich, smooth and creamy, medium body and light carbonation. Well balanced, sessionable and still challenging. A good celebration ale, happy anniversary!"
"Pours a murky golden brown with barely a crème head. Nose is almost like pumpkin pie. Spices. Flavor is thick and meaty. Spices are here as well. There's also mature squashes and very mild pumpkins. Feel has a good carbonation to it and the liquid is good as well. Decent to drink. A bit unique and almost odd. Might as well try it."
"Drinkability: No doubt a fine drinkable beer, but woefully understated for such an auspicious occasion."
"Drinkability is fairly high. Decent flavor and low alcohol makes this beer easily consumed."
"It goes down very smoothly, a nicely done beer."
"What's up with people giving this beer average reviews because of its timidity? Since when does a beer have to rip a hole in your tongue for it to be considered world class? This is like Spotted Cow on crack. A brewer took a huge risk and it paid off in spades. Bravo."
"Pours amber with a small head that sticks around for a bit. It smells very sweet, with a christmas cookie scent, with a touch of lemon and spices. It tastes of plums and dark fruits as well as banana bread, with a touch of wheat and ever slighter touch of hops and a some burnt tones as well. This one of my favorites from Schlafly and I wish I hadn't waited so long to try it."
"D- One of my favorite Schlafly brews. I recently took a few friends to Schlafly and they all rave about this beer now. If you like wheat beers, more specifically dunkelweizens, you will love this."
"Cheers!"
"D: Not my cup of tea, but nice."
"Poured a light hazy amber color with decent white head that hung around for a while. Aroma is wheaty with citrus notes also coming through. Taste is also of wheat, citrus, and spices. Tastes a bit like a weizenbock to me. Mouthfeel is pleasant and lacing on glass was good. Easy drinker and thirst quencher."
"Thanks to rsyberg01 for this beer in a trade. I like dark wheat beers and don't believe I've tried an American one. This pours a hazy orange light amber with a good bit of yeasty sediment suspended in the beer. decent head that fades to a thin ring. Subtle fruity aromas of apple and pear with some light breadiness. Quite pleasant and yeasty. Very soft flavors of apple and pear and baked bread with a hint of bitterness on the finish. Pleasant, but doesn't knock me out. Smooth and soft in the mouth which makes it easy to drink, but it could either be a bit crisper, more robust, or spicier for my taste. Still, glad I tried it."
"D: See above! I have had this several times, but, last night, I noticed I have never reviewed this. It is a staple in my fridge, year-round. It provides a nice change in winter, from the winter ales & Doppels I usually keep around. Summertime, it is nice & refreshing."
"Thanks, xmarcnolanx, for the opportunity"
"D - decent, approachable, light strenght. A little outside my mainstream but I could see this working well at a few restaurants here in NH."
"Superbly drinkable, Hop 15 makes me quite sad I have only one bottle left in my cooler. Thanks xmarcnolanx for the trade!"
"12 ounce bottle, ""bottled with love"" on 9/19/07. Served in a Sam Adams BL glass, the beer pours a hazy orange/copper color with about a half inch off-white head. Head retention and lacing are OK. Aroma is very nice, it's spicy and fruity, it smells like cloves, apricots, pepper, bananas and yeast. There's other aromas too, but I just can't ID them off the top of my head right now. Taste is pretty similar to the aroma, and there's also some grain that I can taste. Mouthfeel/body is medium with a bit above average carbonation. Drinakbility is good, it's easy to drink! No. 15 is a good beer overall, I wasn't disappointed with this one at all. If you get a chance to try it, you should."
"This is the first time I've had this. Thanks to Whitefolks305 for putting this on his wants list. It made me purchase 1 for myself also. This is an interesting beer. Aroma is yeasty with almost Christmas spices. Taste is weaker than the aroma. There are definitely spices but I can’t nail them down. The wheat beer flavors kind of are diminished. Not a lot of banana or citrus fruits. Both are present but not in big quantities. Mouthfeel is a little lighter than I expected. I think I would drink this in a bar but not go out and pick up a sixer."
"Note to self: Ranked #1 American Dark Wheat Ale when I tried it."
"D - A really nice session brew! Went great with my burger."
"A great session ale that I would pick up if you're in the midwest."
"Pours a murky brown/amber. Decent fluffy head dissipates fast. Nose is of dark wheats and spice. At first taste the wheats come out but through the middle is banana with citrus spice. clove is present here. lingering aftertaste of slight banana taffy. Good crisp clean mouthfeel but nothing to write home about. Drinkability is very good. A great wheat offering from schlafly."
"Thanks Vancer, Prosit MK"
"First beer from Schlafly and it was not bad, recommended if you live near the brewery or it is easily accessible, nothing worth seeking out otherwise though"
"Yet another fine brew from the Saint Louis Brewery."
"D - I could drink these things all damn day long, no question."
"I wondered why this tasted so different after just having a pumpkin ale-no wonder. Hazy-somewhat orange color. Had a lot of ppfth when opened but pours rather flat looking. Sharp, slightly spiced aroma. Faint phenolic aroma with a caramel/banana tinge. Clean, malty flavor with a great wheat crispness. Nice sweetness though fairly dry. Decent enough mouthfeel. Quite drinkable and enjoyable. Has all the qualities of being a wheat wine's little brother-good beer all around."
"Pours a cloudy copper/ reddish color with a tan head. Aromas of banana and clove, big nose. In the taste, a maltiness and dry banana flavors. A nice smooth malty mouthfeel and a dry fruitiness in the aftertaste. Big banana flavor, nice malty body and yet light on the palate."
"A decent beer...interesting definitely...the closest thing i've had to this was the witbier i made"
"D: Tasty, goes down easily, not very filling, decent kick, good representation of style, I could drink this beer for a while, but I typically prefer the light wheat beers over the dark wheat beers. However, overall this is a good beer."
"Hazy orange amber body is topped by a small beige head. Patchy lacing is left on the glass. Aroma is spicy clove and pepper with fruity banana notes. Medium body with a zesty carbonation. Taste is very spicy, suggestive of a pumpkin ale. Notes of ginger, cinnamon, clove, pepper, and allspice float on the palate. Ripe banana fruitiness and wheat cracker make a nice base. Very tasty stuff here. Another winner from Schlafly."
"Drinks easy, a good example of this style"
"edit 2008: I've picked up a fresher bottle since, and it was a big improvement over the first bottle I had. More fruit and hefe character, and no metallic flavors to speak of. All around good."
"Pretty much, it's a wheat beer...pretty good flavor... it does end somewhat bitter, but it's good."
"Drinkability - not my favorite style but it's tasty. More of a cooler weather beer for me."
"Mouthfeel is a bit too thin for me. Overall not bad, but not something I would seek out."
"Overall, I wish I had more of these, one just wasn't enough. This is just a great beer, nothing fancy schmancy. Just a good session brew."
"Medium bodied, smooth and very easy to drink. A definite change of pace and worth a try."
"A bit thin on the mouthfeel, light bodied. Abv is well hidden, whatever it is. Not a bad beer. Probably good on a hot day. Worth at least one try in my opinion."
"Poured a nice clean/clear dark golden amber color, nice carbonation, nice small fizzy off-white head, some sticky lacing afterwards. The nose is of bannana's, clove (spices), belgium yeast, and slight caramel. The taste is mostly of the bannana's, clove, and belgium yeast. Medium body. Very drinkable, this is my first Schlafly brew and it is tasty. Glad to get a chance to try it out, thanks Vance."
"Had this on tap at the Schlafley brewery/tap room. Served in a pilsner glass, it poured a deep reddish-golden-brown color with a thick bubbly white head. The aroma was surprising and very strong of bananas. The taste was even more so of bananas and a hint of other flavors, mainly cloves, but also of alcohol, lowering it's drinkability. It was quite strong, though I am unsure of the % ABV."
"D - The taste review says it all...amazing brew."
"Drinkability - Awesome beer! No kidding. A beer for a change of pace, special occasion or for an extended session - a must."
"A couple would be very drinkable...but more than that just doesn't seem appealing."
"Thought the beer was pretty nice. Timid, but nice. The beer poured a golden / copper hue with solid head retention, while wanting a bit more out of a wheat. The medium balanced aromas took the shape of cloves, bubblegum, banannas, and pineapples. Again, I wanted just a bit more intensity. The flavors were, too, of medium intensity, but a well balanced blend of barley and wheat malts, estery / fruity flavors, lightly spiced with hops and yeast, bready, and sweet. The textures could have used more help. The beer did not exhibit the creamy, full wheat flavors that it's German counterparts do - leaving the beer a bit too thin. Finshes somewhere between sweet and grainy. This was a good beer, but just a few small flaws keep it from being a stand out to me."
"I had doubts about No. 15 being good enough to be Schlafly's 15th Anniversary Ale. After enjoying the hell out it, there's no question in my mind. This stuff is delicious and deserves to be put into foil-wrapped bombers (or wax-dipped if you prefer). Never mind the fact that it's only the fifth, No. 15 is the best American dark wheat that I've ever had. Thanks jpm30."
"D: Probably not a beer I'd return to, though I would be interested to find out if it's supposed to taste this way."
"D: Possibly a nice fall evening brew as the slight heaviness of the wheat makes the body work a bit harder. Nice and refreshing--glad I had the chance."
"Schlafly No. 15 is a very easy drinking beer. Nice for a cold winter session beer. Happy anniversary, Schlafly."
"Another good effort from Schlafly"
"D - Very good beer. Nice wheat flavors."
"I liked this a lot. One of the better American versions of a hefe that I have had recently. This would have been great in the summer. Get some now, because it will be gone soon."
"Pours a medium amber color with a thick light tan head. No surprises so far. The nose is really quite nice ... stewed fruit, banana, spice (cloves, nutmeg), wheat malt and yeast. The palate is of malted wheat, yeast and a little bit of spice notes. Starts warmer and sweeter, but is quickly balanced out by a drier hop profile that comes to the fore quickly. The biggest issue, to me, with this beer is the mouthfeel. It's just too thin for the style in my estimation. It just falls a little flat and doesn't have that substantial mouthfeel I like in a dunkelweizen style beer. Okay, it's not technically a dunkelweizen, I know, but this one has a lot of potential and promise. It's like a promising athelete who gets injured early in his career ... we'll just never know what it could have been. That said, I still like this one ... Schlafly's 15th Anniversary ale ... get it while you can."
"Wow, this should come around yearly, it will be dearly missed after it’s gone. BUMMER!"
"D - Man, this is easy to drink, but there is enough sweetness & heft that I probably wouldn't want more than a couple at a time. Hard to imagine anyone wouldn't like this, at least in passing. This would be a nice late fall/winter release for non-hardcore beer drinkers to enjoy on a winter night. Not that the rest of us can't enjoy it right along with them... sure hope I can get more of this before it is gone forever..."
"Congratulations to Tom, Steve, and all the Schlafly crew."
"Smells of fruity yeast, some banana and a little spice. Taste is more of the same with a little more spice pressence. Mouthfeel is good and this a pretty drinkable brew. Overall a good brew."
"Bottled with love on Nov 13, 2006. Tasted and reviewed on Nov 18, 2006—how’s that for fresh? No. 15 is a murky light orange in color with a ½ inch thick head that settles into a nicely formed white pasty ring around the pint glass—sticky patches noted throughout the course. On the nose are fresh banana custard pie offerings, and soft wheat tones; very aromatic. Some cloves are detectable as this beer warms. Up front, a definitive dark-hefe feel, with some banana peel and wheat-like offerings, creamy and sweet. Kisses of coriander and orange peel; although both are hidden, they are blended nicely. Medium bodied across the board—very little carbonation. The palate is cleansed, with both bananas, cloves and wheaty-ish malts. This is something that I could get used to. Unique style for this brewery, and incredibly enjoyable for the style; mighty tasty—a request for a year-round-offering of No. 15?"
"I had this beer on tap at the source Saturday for lunch. It poured a dark hazy brown with a light, fluffy off-white head. The head left a sheet of lace on the side of the glass. The nose definitely tells you this is a weizen beer. Dark fruit with banana esters. I don't get clove, nor did I detect the coriander, and orange the bartender told me where used in the brewing process. The flavor has a load of weizen character. Dark fruit and banana come across strong. I do get some of the orange in the flavor. This beer is quite sweet, not cloying, but the sweetness reduces the drinkability just a touch. Smooth and full mouth feel. Nice beer overall."
