review_text
""
""
"D - A very nice beer. Probably more in the American Wild tradition - it's got some of the acetic character of Lost Abbey's wild beers and a bit less complexity than the best gueuzes. Still, highly drinkable and well done. It's a shame Ballast Point doesn't or can't make more of this stuff."
""
"On tap at Stone Sour Fest. Pours a hazy tangerine/marigold color with almost no carbonation. Nose is of lemon verbena and mild funk with an amazing cedar wood quality. Taste is a SMACK punch. This is what I wanted. Tart and somewhat cheesy with a puckering zest. Mouthfeel is sour and dry. Overall, my favorite of the day. A wonderful beer."
"D: One of my favorite beers on the day and one that I've wanted to try for quite some time. Very enjoyable, though I would have preferred some more tartness."
"Not overly carbonated, but a decent mouthfeel."
"D-nice representation of the style. Perfectly complex. I would encourage sour lovers to get."
"Proof that Ballast Point excels at more than just hop bombs."
"If only I could have it everywhere in my mouth, right now."
"Just the right amount of tartness, sourness, and funk, with a surprisingly refreshing touch, this is one of the best American-made Guezes that I've run across. It was a pleasure to be able to try this."
"Standard hazy amber gueuze color. It was poured with very little head, though swirling brings to life a short-lived white cap. The aroma is musty and tart, very sharp with stinging lactic sourness and some light vinegar. This reminds me quite a bit of Russian River's Beatification. Only slightly funky, this is heavy on the lacto and pedio and fairly light on the brett. There's a bit of stonefruit buried beneath the sourness. The taste is sour stonefruit, Parmesan cheese funkiness and mouthwatering lemon-like acidity. Filling and intense. It finishes woody, tannic and fruity, with bracing acidity that you can feel burning holes in your innards as it goes down. Simply an awesome beer, I'd love to try this again."
"The beer is light bodied with a high moderate level of carbonation. Outstanding stuff, I cannot say enough about it."
"Drinkability. I love sours and could drink this beer alone all night. My girlfriend had about four of these and wanted more but they ran out. Great job BP, now just bottle it!"
"The line for this beer was incrediblly long consistently and hopefully the people from Ballast Point recognized this and will bottle this stuff, just like Carlos said in his review and at the festival, this was the best American-made gueuze I have ever tasted without question, definitely the big surprise of the day for me, cannot wait to drink again, highly recommended"
"Dry and crisp finish...I kept going back for this one and would have easily finished all my tasters with this beer. Straight up the best American made gueuze I have had thus far."
