review_text
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Thanks, BlueOkie, for the opportunity"
""
"O: Good for the style. Would recommend and I find this superior to Alaskan Smoked Porter"
""
"o - very nice smoked beer. the smoke is there but not overwhelming, just the right amount. paired this with a bbq burger (pulled pork piled on top of a burger) and it was great."
""
""
"O: this is perhaps the smokiest beer that I have experienced, the smoke doesn't ever get out of hand and provides and interesting porter with plenty of depth"
"Holy God this is mostly smoke with a little bit of porter. It pours the dark brown you'd expect from the style, but ever-the-while it smells like wood ashes are wafting around the room. There are times when some smoke is appreciated and there is times when it makes me think they burnt the beer. This is the latter. This beer takes a page right from Aecht with the level of smoke, dear god it smells like super charred bacon. Surprisingly the taste mellows it quite nicely, but by this point I'm making sure not to stick my nose back in the glass. The taste has the obvious smoke infuse malt flavor with some chocolate tones behind it. There is actually a nice creamy overall feel to this beer and overall, I don't mind drinking it. That having been said, I'm glad somebody else bought it, Someone like TMoney2591 who appreciates the smoke WAY more than I do."
"O: A good beer. Smoky as hell, but still drinkable. If you like smoke, you'll like this one. If not, I'd stay away."
""
""
"Gots to love the smoke, amiright? Let's do this: It pours a dark black-brown topped by a finger of dark-ish tan foam. The nose comprises maple-smoked ham, milk chocolate, and light roasted malts. Damn, do I enjoy that delicious aroma! The taste holds notes of roasted malts, dark chocolate powder, light beech smoke, and very light maple syrup. The body is a light-leaning medium, with a light moderate carbonation and a sorta/kinda dry finish. Overall, a damn fine smoked porter. Good work, Krebs!"
""
"D. Drinkable, but not great"
"O-way too Smokey. This just must not be my thng"
"Overall a real treat, this beer definitely lived up to my expectations/hopes, and was in fact the first beer of the 6 Scot sent me that I put into my fridge for consumption. The bar has been set for the other 5!"
"22oz bottle, sent as part of a poker BIF payout about 1 month ago. This pours a dark brown/black, with a tightly celled tan foam. Awesome smoked malt aroma, rich & woody. Sweet caramel malts & some bitter cocoa provide some accents for what is mainly a smoky flavor. Delicious, easily comparable with Stone Smoked Porter (natural comparison). Light carbonation, creamy mouthfeel, nice complement to the flavors. Liked this quite a bit."
"Drinkability is great. It's got a huge smoke character without being overdone. This was a great smoked beer!"
"The beer pours a dark brown color with a tan head. The aroma is definitely smokey with a lot of meaty BBQ notes. The flavor is more of the same. There is a heavy smoke character that goes very well with some heavily roasted malt. Medium mouthfeel and medium carbonation. A very nice smoked beer where the smoke is up front and shines."
"This beer pours a medium bodied black with a light beige colored lacing. Right off the bat it smells of smoked ham and smoked wood chips. Its possibly the second smokiest beer I've smelled behind the Alaskan Smoked Porter. It smells great. The flavor is pretty good as well. It still gives you the typical coffee and roast of a regular porter with the nice smoke of hickory smoked bacon. The flavors are very well integrated. It drinks a little light for a porter but with the flavor profile its ok. This beer is pretty superb, I'm very impressed, its an excellent smoked beer."
"The mouth is stellar for the style. Moderately-full, not too heavy, but far from thin. I like it. Now this beer backs up what it claims: this is smoky. I dig it. I've had some of the style where the smoke is a phantom, but here, the smoke comes out full force. Still, mild cocoa notes and hints of sweetness make there way through as well, but the smoke is for sure the main player. This isn't a style for everyone, but I enjoy this flavor at times, and this beer delivers. Thanks again, Chris!"
"This beer pours a thick black color with a slight amount of tan head with no lacing. The aroma is strong of smoke with a slight amount of roasted malt. The taste is almost all smoke... So much so that it overwhelms the rest of the flavors, which I would assume consisted of some roasted malt and caramel characteristics. The mouthfeel is somewhat lacking and feels empty. It leaves you feeling like you just drank smokey water. Overall it is worth a try but don't expect too much."
"d - A pretty nice porter or stout with some light smoke to it. Would have again."
"Nice beer. Would definitely not turn down another."
"Pour yields a very dark brew with a good off-white head and some lacing as it moves down the glass. The nose contains a good amount of smoke plus some roasted malt, mild coffee, and a wee bit of very dark chocolate. Good start. The taste isn't quite as integrated and doesn't do as much for me, but pretty good and I'd certainly come back to it. Nothing overpowering, just a nice, balanced beer with some smoke complexity added. Mouthfeel is medium with a good dryness in the finish. Drinks quite well. One of the best Krebs beers I've had to date."
"Beer is medium in body and decent tasting, nice thickness throughout with a clean finish. There is a mild pleasant smoke finish on the back end of the palate that grows toward the midpalate, the malt is on the front. Overall it is a nice, decent beer."
"D: Overall, this was a decent beer and one I would have again, though not in the same category as Alaskan Smoked Porter."
"Well done!"
"DB - High, for a smoked porter, but a bomber is probably enough for me."
"Wow. It took me back to camping out in the woods. Lots of complex layers here. The smoke was in full force but not overpowering. Everything seemed to fit in its flavor puzzle. Perfect for the 2011 snowpocalypse."
"My second beer from this brewery, which showed to be an improvement over the 1919. This might not be saying much since the recipe is from a contest winter. The color and smell were the best things about this porter. It was almost comforting. The smoked influence was distinct in the smell. When it came to taste, it reminded me of the liquid smoke my dad would use on the grill. It wasn't too overpowering but seemed to disrupt the balance of the beer rather than add a unique characteristic. Since this appears to be a retired brew, it might be difficult to find, especially outside of OK. If you like this style, its definitely worth a try but don't expect it to measure up to other smoked porters(Stone). This one straddles the fence."
"A great beer here. Perhaps the best smoked beer I have had."
"The flavor continues with the smoke-laden theme, overtaking the palate like a bushfire through a dry forest. Charred chocolate, nuttiness, and more smoke. Not beefy like some smoked beers, which I admire. Mouthfeel is spot-on for the style with both a crisp and smooth body. Carbonation is ample but restrained enough to not dry out the finish. Overall, a very tasty, very sessionable smoked beer. Hard to give Choc 100% of the credit for this one, though, but they definitely chose right."
"A flavorful and interesting smoked beer. Much more going on than just smokiness. Very nice."
"Very drinkable, great smoked beer, I like that its a smoked porter that wasn't afraid to use the smoke, most of them make the smoke a little to subtle for my liking, not this one its front and center then lets the other flavors build around it nicely."
"The feel is probably the best attribute for me. Somewhat chewy and velvety. Lower carbonation allows for this smooth feel and I would think it's preferable for most smoked brews. Again, this benefits from room temperature and promotes good drinkaility."
"Complete darkness, opaque and sporting a thick collar of tan lace. Clean smoke and charcoal, burnt sugar and a ripe blackberry fruitiness in the nose. Creamy and smooth full body. Smokiness is very aggressive but not cloying at all. Hops drop a balancing bitterness and faint pine resin flavor. Burnt smoky maltiness has suggestions of toasted marshmallows, charred wood, blackstrap molasses and a hint of brown bread in the back. Slow-warming alcohol brings a faint fruitiness. Smokiness takes a while to fade in the burnt, bittersweet finish. Seriously great beer here."
"D - imho smoked beers should replace all winter warmers. absolutely great in cold weather...glad to spend time with this tonight."
"Another fine effort from Choc Brewing and another reason for me tipping my hat to Russ! I wonder if this would be a good candidate for cellaring?"
"D - I haven't had many smoked beers, but this one is definitely at the top of the list. The taste doesn't quite match the deliciousness of the smell, but it still tastes great. Perfect on a cold cold night, watching a movie, and a fire blazing."
"Poured from a 22 oz bottle into a Ommegang Tulip. Pours a rich, chocolate black that lets absolutely no light through. Good head, lacing slowly cascades down the glass as it settles, but doesn't stick around long. Aromas are of roasted coffee, smoky sweetness from the cherry wood, touches of cocoa. I could sit here and literally just smell this beer, there are alot of really good subtle notes. On the palate the smoke is predominant, but there is a really nice base of maltiiness to help give this beer balance. Also some detectable chocolate notes, with a sweet, smooth finish. Mouthfeel is light-medium, but pleasant for the style. Drinkability is great, IMO. Alcohol is there, but very well hidden. Fantastic beer from BA's own ""Beertracker", and a great local Oklahoma product. Cheers!"
"Solid throughout, the beer is very consistent except for the weaker mouthfeel. In terms of flavor/aroma intensity and creaminess, it's a step off of the pace throughout from Alaskan Smoked Porter."
"Lighter body. Alcohol is well hidden. If the base porter had a bit more character, this would really be outstanding. Still, this one is nice."
"D - Probably the best smoked porter I have had. The smell and texture of this beer really carry it. A little more out of the flavor and it would be pretty much perfect."
"If I were Choc, I think i'd hire Jeff to brew this for them every fall, it's the perfect porter for the fall months."
"This is my first Choc beer, and I liked it. When I realized that it was the winner of a home brew contest I was a little bit disappointed, because I feel like this might not be a representative sample of what kind of beer the brewery produces. That qualm, however, doesn't really effect my experience with this beer, which I enjoyed."
"Pitch black with a wispish tan head. A few small dots of lace linger. Smell is a complex fusion of sweet malts, dark fruits, dark chocolates and burnt deadwood. Tastes sweet up front with a big smoky hit at the end and notes of black licorice and espresso in the middle. Ultra-creamy and smooth as silk going down, with a slight alcohol heat in the back of the throat. Not much to say about this one except the fact that it's near perfection."
"The beer was almost completely flat upon opening. I am sure the brewer did not intend this. After a violent pour no head developed. Very dark stoutlike color. Aroma is woody, smoky and very inviting. Flavor is smoke upfront with roasted malt and chocolate malt coming in toward the end. Mouthfeel seems on the heavy side (cannot tell accurately because of defect). Overall this is a tasty beer that I will re-review if I can get a good one."
"I thoroughly enjoyed this beer and will definitely drink it again. I'm tempted to say it is awesome."
"Overall though the dominant character of this beer is the smoke and the dryness. Just a perfect beer. I wish more breweries did smoked beers. I am in love! This beer is a revelation of greatness. Would love to drink it alongside some superb smoked BBQ."
"Drinks really easy, I do like this style. Would love to do a side by side with Alaskan Porter, because although not a clone of that, it shares a lot of positive similarities to it. A keeper IMO"
"If you are a fan of big smoked beers or smokey food this beer is definitely worth a try. If smoke isn't your thing then beware: This is one smokey beer. I'll give it another go once the weather really starts to cool down."
"Have dined at Pete's Place in Krebs,OK several times where they brew their beer. The last time I was there the only beer they were brewing was the Choc. Since then they have added many other varieties. I like dark beers and tried the Porter. In my opinion a good porter, drinkability better than the Choc. They even let us wander around the brewery which is in the back of the restaurant."
"CHEERS! Beertracker"
