review_text
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"HV"
"This was one hell of an interesting beer. Really unique and enjoyable."
"Pours a reddish brown with an off white head. Nose brings a bunch of spicy rye and a bit of booze. The taste is quite zesty and really gives off the cocktail vibe. Feel is a bit dry and quite a bit of rye is noticeable. Drinks okay and it is well executed, just not sure that I really like it all that much."
"The finish is sweet and warming with a smooth silky touch - ok Garrett, well done - this truly is a beer Manhattan. It was very satisfying and even slightly refreshing. One of my favorite pleasures with a good Manhattan is a big robust cigar. I am going to have to find the opportunity to try that with the Manhattan project."
"D - A little too sweet for my liking but nonetheless an interesting and unique beer, I still enjoyed it."
"Taste is very sweet and fruity with some light bitterness from the rye, no real percepable hop flavor but there is some lingering bitterness on the finish. Mothfeel is really full and rich, very nice drinking."
"two thumbs up"
"It's kind of fruit punchy. Black cherry comes through. Crisp, yet dry. Like better than a blueberry drink. Has a lactic, tart finish."
"D: It feels rather strong so you're going to have to sip this one. The beer is very unique and I would definitely have another if the opportunity arises."
"D - Very! I don't know how much alcohol is in here but I could drink this all night. 4.5"
"A strikingly easy beer to drink, at 8.5%, possibly due to it's exquisite uniqueness, Brooklyn has nailed this one, though I'm hard pressed to categorize it stylistically. Paired with delicate foods, and great conversation, this is well worth seeking out."
"0% of the time this works 100% of time."
"It is very drinkable but the expectation should be to have a different experience than even the traditional rye beers."
"This beer was totally not what I expected when it was described as a rye beer, but after ordering it and thinking about the name, it made much more sense. It was in reality a beer cocktail, where rye beer was was used as a base instead of whiskey and the spices and cherry were brewed into the beer and not added afterwards. This was great and I would definitely order it again."
"Reviewed on 10/10/2009. Growler from Big Z Beverage. Pours brown with a small white head. Aroma of cherry syrup and light spices. Flavor is also cherry with some spicy rye in the finish. Not your typical s/h/v but it's a pretty decent, tasty beer. Not sure where the cherry comes from, but it's the strongest flavor/aroma in this beer."
"At the Gaslight Brewery, S.Orange, NJ: poured a deep brownish amber into an American pint glass, with a thick finger of off-white head that laced fairly well. The smell was an interesting mix of caramel, malt, cherry, nutmeg, and cinnamon. The tasted revealed everything from the nose, but with a strikingly balanced cherry/malt balance throughout. Also, a thinner body than expected, given the thick color, but it worked with the cherry essence. Overall a refreshing brew, but I don't think that I can sit and drink cherry-flavored beer all night."
"The Manhattan Project is meant to be sipped for sure. I would say the cherry was a bit cloying and the whiksey a little overwhelming, but not bad considering."
"Sweet malty medium body with hints of autumnal spice notes that linger throughout. Silky and easy to drink with no alcohol warmth. ABV very well masked. Lots of sweet rye malt and estery dark fruit notes, especially raisin, plum, date, fig and grape. Slightly vinous with spicy cinnamon, clove, brown sugar, ginger, vanilla and nutmeg. The pumpkin notes from the aroma are missing. Slightly syrupy and medicinal, being a bit too sweet with a subtle dry finish. Pretty drinkable."
"Overall this is a very fine beer. I can see why it's popular. Seek it out while you can."
"An interesting brew conceptually and in the delivery, well done."
"Mouthfeel is smooth and silky, very approachable."
"A ton of yeast sediment floating around in the glass, which detracted from the appearance a bit but not enough for me to lose track of what Brooklyn was going for. Malty, fruity nose that reminds me vermouth. Somehow the taste balances the bitterness of the hops with something reminiscent of aromatic bitters. The rye barrel definitely adds a nice note. Full-bodied feel. In terms of drinkability, one was enough of a meal for me."
"D: This is a very tasty beer, goes down easily, alcohol content makes it something to consider in a sessionable beer, but it's a nice after dinner treat."
"the beer pours a reddish brown color with a nearly white head that recedes quickly to a thin ring around the edge of the glass. the aroma does bring to mind a manhattan with the sweet malt smell and a bit of fruit at the back. the malt character is great in the taste, backed nicely by the bourbon aging. the fruit in the taste isn't as noticable but still nice, with the full body and the low carbonation it makes for a nice full beer."
"The beer pours a dark amber/red color with a thick frothy offwhite head that slowly fades to lacing. The aroma is great! It has a really nice crystal malt and rye scent along with some spices that I can't figure out what they are. I'm not a Manhattan drinker so I'm not familiar with the aroma. The taste is good. It has a smooth crystal malt and rye flavor. It's spicey with a touch of bourban and spice. It's a unique flavor. I'm not in love with it, but it's quite drinkable and full of complexity. The mouthfeel is fine. It is a medium/full bodied beer with adequate carbonation. This is a damn tastey beer. It's something I'd probably not buy again, but what the hell, big ups to Brooklyn for this delicious treat."
"(The above was my review from just drinking the beer, after reading other reviews I see that this was supposed to be a beer that tastes like a mixed drink? Sorry, I only drink beer or wine, not ""alcohol"" and reacted accordingly. This needs to be served with a disclaimer to warn beer lovers.)"
"Drinkability: A fascinating beer, though not something I would seek out again; this really shows of the skill of the boys from Brooklyn to create a faux cocktail using barley malt and rye"
"Wow... pours a nice rich brown color with ruby highlights. Minimal head on this one. Smell is a crazy combination of carrot cake (bready, brown sugar, sweet cream, vanilla, nutty, slight spicing) and banana... booze comes through as it warms. Taste is banana forward with the carrot cake thing going on in the background again (bready, brown sugar, sweet vanilla, nuts, slight spicing). The background give hints of wood, dark cherry. Slightly boozy, and after Garrett Oliver mentioned it, i did notice there is a true Manhattan cocktail like charachter to it. Full bodied without being syrupy or sticky. An excellent, original and complex beer. Had 2 glasses and still want more."
"Overall- Too fruity, just weird tasting."
"I would not have guessed (if I didn't already know) that this was a rye ale."
"Entirely too much going on here, and the flavors seem to compete against one another, instead of complimenting each other. Although I admire the creativity behind the Manhattan Project, I fear that what makes most of Brooklyn's offerings great (simplicity) got lost in this one. Not sure if the ""Rye Beer"" classification fits, either, as Manhattan Project struck me more as a Herbed/Spiced Beer (with rye added). An ambitious swing by Brooklyn, but it narrowly misses the mark."
"Pours good and brown with a very thin head. Smells of rye and sour cherries. Tastes, well like a Manhattan not bitter at all with very nice blend of rye malt and cherries and a bit of an alcoholic bite. Little carbonation but a good velvety texture in the mouth. This beer is like a Manhattan lite, but with carbonation and less booze. Real good."
"D- Moderate. I'd have another one, although not back-to-back. This is a special beer, a unique beer, and I'm glad I got to try it. Really different from anything I've had before."
"Drinkability: this beer was unique and somewhat complex. It is a slow sipping beer, but I had two glasses of this while at the bar, and probably could have had another. Worth seeking this one out."
"Drinkable - yes, if it were not for the amazing tap selection on hand, I would have had a few of these. good stuff"
"10 oz. tulip at ChurchKey, DC"
"D: A very interesting brew and a great idea, and $7 a growler is badass(TY PT). But the dominant sweetness really hurts in the taste/mouthfeel/drinkability categories."
"On-tap at the Bookstore Speakeasy in Bethlehem, PA for $7. Served in a tall goblet, the beer appears orange with a soft white head. Most rye beers get a generous helping of hops, but this beer focuses on the rye malt and spices. My first thoughts were that it tasted like a sweet rye cake, in part thanks to the light cinnamon and dessert spices added. I didn't detect the barrel aging, but still found this to be a tasty and smooth strong ale."
"Manhattan has a rusty brown look with some slight red highlights up towards the light. A nice tan head that dwindled down and leaves loose lace on the glass. The smell brings up rye along with some spices, nutmeg and vanilla. I also got some light pumpkin like flavors making me wonder if I got the right beer. The taste brings more malt than the nose leads, caramel sweetness. The rye is there but not 'There'. A nice spice backing with a slight hop bite. Fruits such as cherry in the mix. I think there is a bit to much going on here. The feel is medium with ample carb but this project leaves a funny taste in my mouth afterwards. A little spiciness in the middle with just a bit of alcohol, minimal. Im glad I tried this project, not my favorite rye beer as I think it's trying to be a bit more. A great idea from Brooklyn, this is kind of different."
"Overall, for the price I paid this was quite the investment. A very nice beer that I am glad to have finally tried. Another great brew by Brooklyn."
"D - Interesting take on a rye beer. Although this is quite thick and syrupy, I think the subtle tartness of the cherries works well with the rye character. I'm not completely sold on this beer, but I thought it was pretty tasty nonetheless."
"D: Good, I put down the bomber all by myself. That being said 22 ounces is probably enough, but this is one unique sweet treat."
"Overall pretty much enjoyed this beer and was very happy I tried it. it was very interesting beer that I would certainly seek out again"
"This is an extremely original beer from Brooklyn and I liked it quite a bit. The mixture of sweet and tart cherries with the spices and rye really seem to come together well."
"Drinkability- I overall did very much enjoy this beer and was lucky enough to try two of them on tap, but they are certainly a very sweet desert beer in a way, hard to drink alot of this just because so sweet, but it was very interesting unique style of beer that I would certainly seek out again, myself and the group of guys I was with did overall enjoy this beer overall"
"D - A lot going on in this beer. A bit too sweet for me to have more than one."
"Overall: Insanely good! Really glad I was able to try this brew!"
"NB: I capped my growler on foam so I doubt there was any oxidation on the tasting pint. There was surely a loss of carbonation however, so take the review with a grain in regards to that."
"I really don't think this beer was much of a success. I liked the concept but it just didn't work very well. It was overly sweet - much too sweet - with the cherry flavor dominating and reminding me of maraschino. The bourbon quality was stronger in the nose than the taste, and it's not often I say this because I think bourbon is more often than not overdone, but this really could have used more bourbon character. It also really needed some balance in the form of spice or bitterness - which is why the lack of rye spiciness was so sorely missed. Maybe they should have used a noble hop to complement and bring out the rye spice. Regardless, it didn't come through and it really needed to. More bourbon or more rye character (ANY rye character) would have helped cut the sweetness and balance this out a bit. Maybe with some tweaking they can make this one work, but as of right now I wouldn't go back for more. Has potential, but not a great beer right now."
"Presented in a snifter, holds a decent tan head that slowly fades to thick and sticky lacing. Smells initially very spicy, with herbal undercurrents and touches of whiskey. Tastes very much like the Manhattan it was modeled after, the rye is prominent but not overpowering, some caramel and toffee malt flavors, tart red fruit, and an even bitterness from the gentian root. Very full mouthfeel with a slick texture. Comes off well balanced, maybe just slightly heavy, but that's not really a bad thing, is it?"
"Served in a tulip glass at Leon's. Genuinely one of the finest beers I've ever tasted. Note that I am indeed a big fan of the Manhattan (the rye/sweet vermouth/bitters concoction), and that I had this beer after enjoying Leon's version of the Manhattan. But I can't imagine a richer, malty approximation of the Manhattan, and even though this is a rye beer, it stands up to the taste of the great sweet stouts (i.e., Flying Dog Gonzo Imperial Porter). Not sure how they pulled it off, but this one is fine, fine, fine. Too bad I can't take some home. Keg only."
"On tap at the Sunset Grille in Allston. Served in a 13 oz tulip glass. Dark mahogany color. No head at all. Minimal carbonation to the point of looking flat. No bourbon smell detected. Taste was much less pronounced than I expected. No real bourbon, rye, or cherry flavor. Reminded me more of a bland winter warmer beer. I just don't get what Brooklyn was trying to do with this brew. They took a nice shot, but I think it missed the mark."
"Overall this was a very well done beer that's greatest achievement was intensity with subtlety. A number of bright and identifiable flavors co-operating very nicely. Well worth a shot."
"Was glad to happen upon this beer at Leon's after a Belgian dinner at the Brick Store. What a nice desert! Served in a Brooklyn stemmed glass, the beer has a deep brown hue, with a slight ruby hint around the edges where light brightens the beer. A white one finger head rests atop, and thankfully stuck around for a while, as this beer turned out to be a sipper. Aroma is a mix of alcohol, rye, and a hint of cherry, but not very potent in any of these characteristics. Drinking this beer, I had mixed feelings. On one side, I have to give it credit for accomplishing the essence of a Manhattan in beer form (I am not much of liquor drinker, but this happens to be the one drink I order). The botanicals and rye whiskey barrel aging have given the beer the necessary hints that vermouth adds the mixed drink. The rye itself is not as strong as I had anticipated, and is a bit overtaken by the alcohol and cherry flavor. This is the other side, I felt the cherry presence was just too intense, it added a syrupy sweetness that was a bit much for me. In the end, an amazing blend of flavors, but maybe a bit much of the one. Despite the ABV, and mix of contents, the beer itself is rather thin and light in mouthfeel, however, the intense flavors, and maybe its youthful boozy character make it a sipper for sure. I enjoyed this as a night cap, just like the drink, and would suggest others do the same with this beer's big, complex flavor."
"On-tap at Cole's, this black but yeasty beer had a white Caesar head. Stout in aroma and white lace followed. Rich and chocolate in finish, with median mouthfeel. The herbs and rye gave this a sweet, and spicy, taste profile.Alcohol hidden, this was a unique one."
"Drinkability: A very interesting aromatic and herbal and fruity tasting beer. Never had a proper manhattan but now I don't feel the need to. I would like to sample this again as it really is something special and different. I think a few of these is in need to really sort out all the nuances in the beer. If they have this at your local pub by all means get one or two maybe three just keep in mind its 8.5 ABV."
"An interesting beer, but I cannot imagine ever having more then one small glass of it."
"The mouthfeel was good. The drinkability here is decent, since the rye does not overwhelm the palate. However, I found this brew to be underwhelming and was glad that this was a sample."
"D: This beer is actually very cocktail-like. If that is what they were going for, then I feel they nailed it. You could easily fool someone with this one. Now when you tell me it is a beer, a rye beer, I am expecting something else. Great creativity and good execution, but not my favorite beer. I'm rating this beer as exceptionally drinkable, not for the fact that is one of the greatest beers that could be sessionable, but instead it crosses a spectrum that other beers don't. A very creative idea. I wonder what a splash of bourbon would do to this beer?"
"Overall this was pretty damn solid I have to admit, I was quite impressed with the way it held its own and is definitely a unique offering. Would do this one again."
"NOTES: I feel honored to have had the opportunity to try this, and could drink this stuff all day... and did. The beer very enjoyable, and its 8.5% ABV caught me off guard. It was well balanced, albeit a bit sweet, but not so much that it took away from the complexity of the flavors."
"D: I have been looking forward to this beer for months and it did not disappoint. Totally an extreme beer in every sense. A really nice beer all around. I will probably be able to try this on tap this week and I cannot wait. Get this while you can."
"This beer was a sugary sweet mess. It seemed like the brewers forgot to add the hops to the brew kettle. An interesting ""project"" for sure, but not something I would want to try again."
"D: Tasty, goes down easily, slightly filling, good kick, I can't really say whether or not it's a good representation of the Rye Beer style since it's unlike any other beer I've ever had in the style, but it does make very good use of the rye malts and is a very good beer overall."
"Like a previous reviewer said, this is a beer that has been made to taste like a sweet manhattan . I like bourbon and I don't drink manhattans but I know one when I taste one... and this ""efffing"" beer tastes like a BETTER manhattan. I give it a 4.5 and recommend getting it at Rootstock on draft with all the greatness the place as to offer."
"Definitely pushes the envelope of what beer is. I'll lift my glass...here's to you Mr. Oliver! Jesus loves you more than you will know...oh wo wo wo."
"Amazing! This is original in all of the world of beer. I find it closest to a kind of Oud Bruin with herbs added, but who knows. All I know is that I paid $10 for a small glass (10 oz.) at the Cafe D'Alsace Manhattan, and I was glad to have it. I'd have enjoyed another at that price without question had I not had to move on. Absolutely worth seeking out just for its uniqueness! Brilliant!"
"After having another taste of this beer it grew on me quite a bit. I am not a big liquor drinker but I do enjoy thr occasional manhattan. I really enjoy the vermouth characteristics in the beer. It also gets way better as it warms up. Still not the most aromatic beer, but its uniqueness is great and shows the limitless potential of beer"
"On tap at the Blind Tiger. Pours a pretty dark red/purple color with a soapy head that quickly dissipates into nothingness, flat. The aroma is nothing crazy, peppery & spicy from the rye. The taste is peppery with rye spice/sour flavor. There is a nice berry flavor towards the end, perhaps cherry or raspberry. A solid malt body supports the spicy and fruit flavors. Despite the flat look, the brew has decent carbonation with a light to moderate body, well balanced. A very tasty brew; nice combination of spicy/zest and fruit flavor."
"Growler pour from Whole Foods Bowery in lower manhattan, NYC, NY. Pours darker brown and murky, under a cap of creamy medium khaki foam, that stays and stays, leaving a full collar as well as fine sheeting and plentiful lace. Earthy nose with vanilla, bourbon and just a hint of rye showing through. Interesting brew, with notes of pumpkin, allspice, vanilla, honey and more bourbon. Full bodied and coating on the tongue. More bourbon as well as smooth malt in the finish. Sophisticated and intriguing. A grown up beer from a grown up brewery"
"D - Refreshing. ABV is hidden well."
"Had another one and now i've learned that it's not just a Rye Ale either. It's a rye ale infused with the other flavors that go into the drink Manhattan (bitters, cherry, etc.). Not bad but not too often for me."
"D- I'll start off by saying I love the experimentation with themes. I may have been my own worst enemy in as much that I was reallly looking forward to the rye/rye combo inspired by some fancy mixologist guy... I get more of a maraschino cherry flavor than anyting else....It is it supposed to be Manhattan project as in like the drink Manhattan, right? I just wish it had some rye beer flavor, I didn't get any of that- bummer. Cool idea though and a cool beer."
"An interesting attempt at replicating a cocktail and I'm glad I tried it but won't be seeking it out."
"www.theviceblog.com"
