review_text
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"O: Nasty. It may only be from 2008, but it's terrible. This is a straight drainpour. I can't bring myself to take another sip."
""
"This sounded so cool with Juniper (I'm a fan of gin) and I greatly anticipated trying it, but alas it's just not to my taste. Poured only a few soap suds bubbles of head and they popped immediately. The body is a hazy apple cider brown (or muddy water, take your pick). Smells so weird, not at all like the gin smell I expected. I'd say it smells more vegetal. The taste is like pickle juice only more sour. Quite unpleasant. I don't know, maybe this is a good example of the Sahti style (first I've had of it) but I couldn't stand this. It was a pricey drain pour."
"Kataja Olut IVB is a very clear, solid, caramel colored liquid with no head to speak of. It has a sweet aroma of juniper berries and a host of herbs that my nose can't identify. There's something like soy sauce in the background. It smells like a fortified wine, not a beer. It's medium light bodied, flat and abrasive. It kind of hurts my mouth. This tastes like... beer gone bad; oxidized and infected. It's salty and it burns. I don't know if this is intentional, but I suspect not. Down the drain it goes. There's no indication as to when this was bottled, but it probably wasn't recently."
""
""
""
""
"Thanks to beersack for the share. The brew pours a murky and rustic deep caramel hue and is totally devoid of head or signs of effervescence; the rustic aspect saves the score. I smell sweet caramel, oxidized vinous notes, and perhaps suggestions akin to plum wine. The flavor is surprising, as is just about everything with this brew; the first anomaly is that I do not detect any trace of juniper or spruce - I am not sure whether this is an older faded bottle or if it always tastes like this. The taste is more like an English Barleywine, as if executed by a Belgian brewer, and is replete with heavy suggestions of toffee and dark fruit, oxidized vinous notes like a Marsala wine, some concord grape sweet fruitiness that I often find in Flanders Reds, small nuances of mulled spices and tea, and a slightly lemony finish. Very complex. The feel is more lively than its appearance suggests, and is medium-bodied, silky and pétillant enough to carry the flavors. Overall, I am very impressed with this, my first real Sahti."
"Juniper and caramel with some copper in the background. Thick and sweet with a tangy aftertaste. Not tart, though. Not bad, think I'll do a little more investigation within this style..you know, just for shitz."
"Overall this is super-neat. It's kind of a sipping beer, and as a sahti, this is different than what a lot of beer drinkers would expect. Not as off the wall in terms of sourness as a Flemish beer, but definitely exciting and worth a try."
"This beer was a little too unique for me I think... This beer pours from the bottle as a hazy brown color and it has a ton of sediment in it. The aroma is very intriguing, it's got a lot of juniper and other spices. The mouthfeel is fairly light but the flavor is really strong. The beer didn't have much carbonation at all. I just wasn't feeling this one too much."
"The CPJ"
"D: Not much to recommend about this beer."
"What I can say is that this is really really interesting and very very different."
"The body was medium in density but it had almost no carbonation. I will not seek this one again but I would like to try other Sahtis."
"Beer is thin and has an odd dry finish. OK it has a very odd dry finish. Its a little sweetness and not much else to it. Not a very good beer. Could be something totally different."
"Different for sure and not in all the great a way. Poured with almost no head which is now totally gone. Color is a cloudy dark amber with lots of sediment. Aroma is a pungent malt juniper(?) yeast, wet cardboard resin. Flavor is like aroma with a tart edge. Almost no carbonation. Finish is like flavor with a long lingering tartness and a little alcohol. Maybe I got a bad one."
"D - this is my first and last of this beer, after first taste I almost drain poured it, but its getting slightly better as I keep drinking it, had a DFH sahti but traded it, need to get a hold of another to try something that is better in style"
"D-This is my first of this style and I'm not sure what to measure it against. It's simply an average beer overall."
"Pours a hazy amber color, some carbonation, tiny off-white head, with basically no sticky lacing left behind. The nose is malty, with some nice spice notes, and caramel. The taste is slightly sweet, malty, pretty tart, with some cinnamon notes. Medium body. Drinkable, not too bad, glad to have had a chance to try it."
"Being my first Sahti, I rated this one based on what I have read to be typically characteristic of the style as well as subjective criteria. That said, this was an interesting experience, though I look forward to hopefully trying more traditional examples of the style to have some basis for comparison. Overall, this one is too heavy and cloyingly sweet to be very drinkable or enjoyable."
"Pours a murky amber orange with no head to speak of, precluding any discussion of retention and lacing. The nose is a mixture of sweet (gingerbread, cinnamon, brown sugar,vanilla), tart fruity (sour orange, brett), and earthy (juniper, pine, spruce, maple). Lots o' stuff happening here, thoroughly whetting the appetite for some tasty stuff...here goes: Remember all of that sweetness from the nose? Forget most of it, as only a bit of the gingerbread and cinnamon remains. The sour farmhouse-style elements are there in surprising abundance, with a good amount of the earthy juniper and spruce (with a hint of bitterness) filling up the back of the tongue. Again, there's a good amount colliding here, but it's not as pleasant as the nose. The body is deceptively in the medium range, with pretty much no carbonation whatsoever and a texture mostly akin to water. In fact, this brew really feels ver similar to a kind of grain-based tea than a beer, but I suppose that's how this style is meant to feel. Overall, this brew stands as a unique experience with a fair drinkability, which itself could increase/decrease based on continued exposure to the style and evolving feelings regarding its feel."
"Drinkability- Interesting to say the least. Will pick up another to compare if I ever see it again. My first Sahti, and definitely not my last if I can find more."
"An interesting beverage, to be sure - definitely old-school, with the forest floor flavourings replacing those of the hops. Glad I got to try it, but just the one is good."
"This is interesting, and I do like what the juniper brings to the table, but this really isn't engaging enough to keep my interest."
"this brew pours up a murky rust color with a couple individual bubbles on top. Not a real head per say. the aroma is apples, yeast, mellow lemons, musky. the taste is slight juniper and slight malts and thats about all. the body is terrible. its just thin and is the same consistency as water. no carbo just throws this beer over the bridge for me. This is the only Sahti style beer I've ever had so I can't really compare it to anything...except for my urine and right now my urine is in the lead."
"A downright weird style of beer. Perhaps the folks at Jolly Pumpkin could give this a try as an Americanized version."
"Kataja Olut is very interesting. It's not exactly what I was expecting. I honestly believe I'd like this beer with more bubbles. The earthy, juniper flavor has promise. Ultimately, the lack of carbonation is just too big of a problem for it to overcome. I'd be very interested in giving another Sahti a try though. It is unique and is very much worth checking out."
"Feel is thin and watery with a teeny bit of body to it, drinkability is very low, flavors need to be cleared by the non-existant carbonation. Thats a lie there is carbonation just hardly any at all."
"This beer pours out with no head at all. My kid's apple juice has a more full and frothy head. No lacing at all. But it has a nice color like an old penny and there's quite a bit of sediment floating around like a weak snow globe. Smells sweet and fruity. Like maple syrup and lingonberries. Tastes sweet like spiced carmel and brown sugar. No hop presence. Very unusual beer. I've never had anything quite like this before. It's totally flat. No carbonation. I want to open another one to see if this one's a fluke. Being of Finnish decent I wanted to give this beer an outstanding rating but I can not lie. It's decent but not great. It's hard to find Suomi beer. The more I drink the more SISU I get."
"taste is like the aroma, sweet honey, slightly earthy notes, tea. hard to detect any juniper. mouthfeel is light, no carbonation at all, but doesn't necessarily detract from drinkablity. overall it's okay, recommended for those out to try traditional styles, but i wouldn't spend the money on this one again."
"This is my first Sahti. I really liked this. It had a nice sweetness to it, but it also had a bit of a tart taste too. I am starting to like the ""sour"" type beers more and more. Lambics, Saisons, and now Sahtis. You can taste the subtle juniper taste in the finish, but up front it's more of the fruit character. There wasn't much of a head, if any, but the body was a cloudy amber. I'll probably go get some more before I leave VA."
"Drinkability is moderate. It tastes decent, but it's not awesome."
"D- This beer has lots of flat qualities to it that I can't tell if it is old or just bland. The cider was a bit odd but added an interesting touch if only there were other flavors to it."
"This was a pretty unpleasant drink. No sound when the cap came off, and the underside of the cap was a greyish tint, splotchy and resembled zombie flesh. Murky orange brown pour, no head. Smelled musty and sweet, no discernable aromas. Flavor...not much really. Herbal and tea-like, but so muted that there was little to take away from it. Especially not any clear juniper flavor. Zero carbonation, flat and watery, yet it still had an unpleasant weight in the mouth. No hint of 7%, that's good I guess. This may have been an old bottle, forgotten on the shelf at Friar Tuck in central Illinois. The sharp looking red label will always serve as a reminder to the horrors lurking in that bottle...avoid."
"D- I suppose that given the choice between this and water in 16th century Finland, I'd have to go with this."
"D: While I am glad someone is still making this style I have only had two examples so it is hard for me to judge. Definately different and worth trying at least once."
"(Thanks Bill!)"
"D: Glad to try this one, doubt I'd seek the style out actively again though."
"Poured an 11.2oz bottle into my Chimay chalice. This beer pours a copper-ish red with exactly 7 bubbles, I counted (just kidding, but seriously). There was just a tiny bit of escaped gas when I popped the top so I'm pretty sure its mostly flat, whether or not this is par for the style, I don't know. No lacing at all is present but a several heavily coagulated participates did join the beer in the glass when I poured it. I don't know if it was yeast or proteins. The aroma is mildly sweet, with a harsh grain aroma floating around in the background. The taste is interesting, but not necessarily in a good way. The taste is sweet, vaguely orangey, with again, that harsh grainy (think ethanol without the burn) flavor. Also a slight piney taste is noted on the very end of the finish. The mouthfeel is medium bodied but astringent. As for this beer, I don't think I will be drinking it again unless I can for sure, guarantee it is a fresh bottle."
"Having said all that, it's actually easy to drink, and I give it credit for that. Not thrilled with my first Sahti, but maybe that's because I don't know the style."
"Good marks for drinkability. I could have gone for another as soon as I was done."
"drinkability is decent. this brew is not bad, provided it is supposed to taste like flat apple juice with a bit of alcohol. somewhat flabby in profile, without enough richness to sustain the malts."
"Edit: After writing my review I read the brother's review and it doesn't seem like the same beer at all. I bought this beer at Bruisin' Ales in Asheville right after they got it in. I suspect that my example is what a fresh example tastes like and what the bros drank is more what it turns into after it has been in the bottle awhile. Which way is it supposed to be drunk? Who knows, but I'm pretty sure I'd prefer it fresh."
"D: An interestng beer from Finland, I definitely enjoyed the taste, and its lightness made it real easy to drink, it lasted all of 5 minutes. Certainly would like to try another example of this style."
"D: It's a little odd and I'm not entirely sure it's to style. I'll have to seek out another example."
"Medium bodied, smooth due to lack of carbonation and slightly syrupy as well. I am torn with this one - I kind of like the flavor and it grew on me, but a couple of sips was enough. I think if it had more carbonation and crispness I would have enjoyed it more. Something different to give a try."
"Average beer - nothing else..."
"Murky orange in color with no head whatsoever. Not what I'd call an attractive beer, but perhaps it's at least true to style. The taste and aroma are both quite syrupy and herbal, bringing to mind candied fruits, toffee and gin. Mouthfeel is medium-bodied and still. Interesting stuff, but I can't say I'd go out of my way to try it again."
"The beer itself pours a hazy orange with a mellow malt and juniper aroma. The taste doesn't change much, but a slight tang reminds me of a strong Euro lager. Basically this is a simple beer, a bit of a novelty, but worth trying if like in my case, it's the only sahti you have access to."
"Pours a hazed amber brown with no head. Nose is like an old ale a bit. Beyond that, a bit yeasty and sugary - but just a touch. Kind of a floral character there as well. Flavor is again...kind of like an old ale with a touch of Belgian sweetness. A bit unique. Feel is low on bubble and slightly thicker with a syrup like feel. Very drinkable yes."
"Mouthfeel: Very, very little carbonation. Syrupy. Full bodied."
"Finish is short, dissipating quickly. Not much going on,."
"The beer pours a clear amber from the 33oml bottle, head is smallish, evaporates quickly, leaving a patchy bit of lace. Nose is sweet, earthy with a musty aroma, start is quite sweet, top is medium in feel. Finish is flat, sweet, dry, and different. First of this style I have tried, drinkable, 7 percent ABV, do not quite know what to make of this beer."
"This is not something I would seek out again. I think I'll have trouble finishing this one."
"Aroma was a pleasant whiff of caramel with the piney undertones. But then the quaff – a sweet sugary caramel blend, almost like a soda. The flat and watery body doesn’t add anything of benefit. Somewhat like a sweet and weak barleywine – but this is one style I won’t be headed back too anytime soon."
"Overall, a very interesting beer that is very unique. Similar to a lambic, but with no carbonation. With that being said, my preference is to have that carbonation. I find myself taking little sips as it feel odd in my mouth without the carbonation, plus the flavor being so different than most other beers. This is certainly one I am glad i got to explore, but the style is just not for me."
"My first sahti. I suppose since I have never had another sahti to know what is representative of the style, this review was interesting. Pours a coppery brown, with little to no head. Vinous aroma, with a hint of cidery tartness and freshly cut apple slices. Caramely booziness lurks in the background. Fruity flavors abound,with hints of pear and Macintosh apple mingling with a caramelized sugar sweetness, topped off with a slight tartness. Strangely viscous, yet thin mouthfeel, with an extremely clean finish. Not what I expected, and I don't mean that in a bad way. Could benefit from a little more carbonation."
"Opinion: Well, obviously this beer could have been better presented. I would like to try it again if it was a fresh example because what I have here is in no way indicative of what the brewer intended."
"A welcome addition to Pazzo's, Lexington KY. Maybe my first Sahti. The beer opens with a surprisingly viscous appearance; heavy, malty, rusty, and quite hazy in appearance. Head retention was lacking, compared to most Wee heavys and Scottish Ales which have similar appearances. Aromas are very malty, bready, and fruity (dehydrated figs, plumbs, pears, raisons, grapes, and berries). Mild tartness touches a bit on a vineous side. Flavors of heavy, sweet malts prevail (maybe Marris Otter malts), richly bready and yeasty. The dark fruits gain intensity throughout the session and as the beers warm, becomming tart, spicy, and estery late. The balance remains heavy toward the sweetness with a complementary juniper berry flavor and woodiness constant in the background. The feel is weighted, but not as heavy as the appearance suggests. The alcohols thin the body a bit and add complexity to the tart, berry character. Finishes expectedly sweet with a long woody lingering. Very complex and rich, even with light hop additions (if any hops were used at all). A well-rounded, complex beer with lots of flavor. Not the cleanest tasting of beers, but no obvious off-flavors. Certainly worth a try for any bold English / Scottish Ale lovers who may want a touch of Belgian Ale characteristics."
"Pours out a still, dark marmalade with no head. Smells extremely malty and worty with some toasty bread-like qualities. Juniper is really far in the background. Taste is about the same with a good amount of fruity esters. Again, the juniper is pretty understated, but overall, this is pretty flavorful. Almost has a tea-like quality. Mouthfeel is kind of flat, and the body is moderate. Tasty all around, but I'd be interested in trying other interpretations of the style to see if I could find more with a bigger juniper character."
"This beer pours a pretty bland amber/golden color with absolutely no head. The minimal amount of bubbles that it does have seem to swirl in the center of the glass for a while after poured. The smell is of roasted malts and grains, and has a strong earthy punch to it. The taste is pretty bland as well. Very monolithic, and almost reminds me of a malt beverage as there is no hop character or real grain distinctness. The absence of any kind of carbonation again makes me think of a malt beverage, and really makes this a boring beer to drink. The only good part is there is no taste of alcohol, even though its around 7%."
"Not much going on here. Flavor doesn't exactly jump out at you. ""Interesting"" - But, that's about it."
"Bottle into snifter. A: No head whatsoever. Hazy amber color. S: Sweet berries, caramel, malts, honey. T; Citrus notes, very malty and sweet, a slightly bitter finish with the juniper coming through. M: Watery, no carbonation. D: At first it’s a little off-putting with the thin mouthfeel and complete lack of any carbonation, but the juniper flavor is really interesting and it’s very easy to drink. Definitely worth a try."
"The Katalja Olut IVB is the first Sahti I've ever tried, and all I know of the style is what’s published on BA. It pours semi-clear copper and looks and smells a little like a spicy cider. The smell is definitely unique, and enticing, but with no head and little carbonation, it's hard to even think of this as beer. The barely perceptible carbonation was a significant detractor in the overall experience. It makes this medium bodied brew seem almost syrupy, like a half glass of barley wine that was left in the fridge overnight. The taste is pleasant; moderately sweet followed by a drying finish and a hint of tartness. Not bad, but for the $4 / 11.2 oz price tag I expected something a little more complex."
"Cloudy, almost opaque orange body with no head. Dark bits of junk floating around in the beer. Aroma is very malty, but from a distance slightly piney notes can be discerned. Flavor is pretty sweet, with slightly roasted notes atop thick biscuit malt flavors. The maltiness is nearly like sampling wort. Just a slight bit of bitterness comes through, but it's not bitter like hops. Astringency may be a better term, but it balances out the malt really well and cleanses the plate somewhat. Almost like adding a slice of lemon to water. Mouthfeel is rich and luscious. This is really an enjoyable beer. It's a malt lover's dream. Drinkability is also great, because even though it's malty, it never gets cloyingly sweet due to the juniper. I was prepared to be turned off by this beer, but I'm really digging it. Might have to go buy a sixer and then try to make some myself! Highly recommended for those who appreciate malt and for those who want to experience different styles of beer. Don't bother if you're purely a hop-head."
"Pours halfway clear-and-cloudy, with pretty much no head and very little carbonation. Color is medium amber with a bit of muddy brown and little in the way of highlights. Smell is very fruity and interesting -- compelling caramel malts, apple fruits, honey, and some fruity sharpness that I have to assume is from the traditional juniper berries. It reminds me of the aroma of an English old ale, actually. Mouthfeel is thick and still and very smooth with unfermented sugars. Flavor-wise, a bit watery first off, coupled with a sharp, herbal juniper taste, before thin caramel notes, licorice and apple come out midway in. Drier finish, with some acidic fruity elements sticking around the palate for a while. Overall, this is very interesting. It's the first sahti I've had, so I can't really comment on its relative merit, but I can say that I found it enjoyable over one glass."
"Murky dark orange colour with a bit of coarse foam. Not much lace, but what's there is fine and spotty. Very malty aroma with some brown sugar and bread crust notes. Also very light juniper berry fruitiness. Malty flavour, but not sickeningly sweet. Some breadiness, brown sugar, and caramel throughout. A bit earthy as well, and the juniper really comes out towards the end, giving it an herbal, medicinal quality and mild tartness that lingers. Slight warmth and dryness in the finish. Slick mouthfeel, full bodied, with very low carbonation. I found this quite easy to drink, which surprised me a bit. Tasty and out of the ordinary. Thanks go out to Wintermute for putting this in my shopping basket!"
"So i've heard a lot about this style, most notably that Otter Creek was brewing one, but since that wasn't available, I decided i'de get the real thing with this one. Cool looking red label, with a helmet on the front. Pours a nice pumpkin orange color with absolutely no head at all. Smell was very interesting...almost mead like with honey, floral characters, sweet candy sugar and alcohol. Taste was a bit duller ,with some lemon, and almost an English Ale like characteristic also. Mouthfeel was sort of flat and clunky. A bit more carbonation would have balanced things out somewhat I think. Not a bad beer to try, but I can't promise that I'll be picking it up again...maybe the Otter Creek offering."
"Sampling this beer was an interesting and unique experience but at $5 a bottle I do not think I would try it again."
"I'm glad that I gave Kataja Olut a chance, even if I have no desire to drink it again. I like exotic and different as much as the next BA, but a... beer-like beverage... has to be good in order to warrant a repeat purchase. Interesting only works the first time around."
"Notes: I went into this not knowing what to expect, but it turns out I like Sahti, at least this one. I found it to be quite pleasant, even without much carbonation. The aromas and flavors blended nicely and the alcohol content was nice and warming on a cool, fall day. I hope to run into this again some day."
"Pours a reddish brown with a short-lasting fizzy head. Herbal and spice medicinal aroma Medium cherryish sticky medicine herbal like. Little carbonation. Mildly tarty and Sweetish residue aftertaste.Dry, warm, warming. In a word, cough medicine. A pint is too much."
"Drinkability: Reading through the reviews here, I am struck by the variety of descriptions; I didn't get much of the lambic or geuze flavors at all and I suspect that may be because my beer was a fresher sample (somebody noted that Sahtis can turn quickly and, when they do, they become sour) than others have tasted; It's far from my favorite style but I did enjoy the opportunity to taste this ancient brew"
"First sahti I've ever tried. Maybe the last. Got this at Ebenezer's in Lovell, ME as part of my ongoing beer education. It was an amber color with virtually no head. It smelled like malty gin. Taste was sweet (fruit), juniper berries, a little malt. Not terribly exciting. I didn't want to try another, and I pretty much always want a second serving of a new (to me) beer."
"Poured a light copper/amber with no head to speak of looked flat to me,the aromas on the other hand have plenty of life very juicy and fruity with orange really sticking out with some ""wet"" grain underneath.Flat feeling in the mouth just not impressed in any way there,quite sweet the flat feel just makes it unineresting to even finish there is a little fruitiness to it but nothing can save it for me,I'll stay away from this in the future."
"Straight up pour has a bubbly white head that vanishes immediately leaving no lace. Murky brown amber color. No carbonation and medium bodied. Tart apple cider nose. Starts and finishes as sour apple cider, no noticeable hops or malt if this is what juniper does to beer I can skip it. Waaay overpriced at $4.95 for a 330ml bottle from Liquid Solutions Tigard, Or."
"Mighty interesting and not unpleasant, but not one I would come back to."
"Nice,somewhat hazy orange in color. Very low carbonation-it barely hissed when opened. Pretty hue though. Good aroma-very malty-some spiciness and a fruity/yeasty thing going on. Very interesting and pleasant caramel sweetness. Very nice spicy bitterness. Good body-has a slick,sugary swettness that lingers on the tongue. Very, very drinkable-if this is what a sahti tastes like I am all for it. Very interesting-quite barleywine/old ale like."
"Last swigs: First sahti I ever tried. Interesting. Worth a try to chalk up another style. Like a watered down root beer."
"Drinkability: The unique taste of the juniper limits the drinkability of the beer. Despite that, I like it, if only for the uniqueness of the beer."
"Hazed copper, no head at all. I guess that's normal for the style? Sparse bubbles sitting at the bottom. Bready malt aroma, kinda like rye bread. Hints of paper bag and juniper (think gin). Almost like a stale english beer. Estery, pear-like booze comes through as it nears room temperature. The flavor starts sweet, caramelly and very doughy, with a distinct sugariness. Hints of sweetened english tea, cider, earth and sweet potato. Pear and banana really come through with warmth. Highly unusual. Rye bread and paper bag. Rides out sweet and earthy, caramelly, the juniper fairly mild. Very minimal carbonation, nearly still. Medium body. Finishes fairly dry, without a trace of alcohol. based on flavor, I would have guessed this to be in the 3-4% range. Interesting, but I don't think this will ever be my favorite style. Kinda reminds me of very old english beer that's been sitting on a warm shelf for years. Very much an antique, rural experience."
"This beer was very interesting. Although my cup of tea, or beer in this case. I would drink it again, or if I come across a different brand to see if there is any noticeable difference in flavor."
"(ps- she brewed a version with birch bark that she didn't ferment, and it seemed to take care of my allergies. Wild.)"
"Drinkability: not bad, as this is a very different style and you need to look at it from the definition of what a sahti is. I need to try some others (if I can find any) to compare to this."
"An exceptionally unique creation here. Pours out to a hazy tea orange color with no head. No carbonation whatsoever. Different. Aromas are of slight orange peel, rye bread and tea leaves. Goes rather well together. At this point I became genuinely interested. Taste is quite different than I expected, as when I read Juniper Bush on the label I nearly cringed. Smooth flavors of orange, dry malts, subtle sweetness mixed with sour and tea notes. Interesting. Mouthfeel was bland and smooth, but not watery. Had an almost ""light oil"" feel to it, if you will. Drinkability is ok; I could go for one of these every once in a while."
"It had this thick viscusy body with and orange hue, with a sweet aroma bit phenol and funk tones to it. I though some beer elf had switched The label on me, could of sworn it was a zatte from tj'i in holland, but there was this freaking wierd funk to it I guess that's what juniper tastes like. either way I was stoked to cross that beer of my styles drunken (no pup intended) list. if you see try it, but be where of the beer demons"
"Very interesting to say the least. Not the greatest beer in the world; although one of the rarest. Worth trying if you have the slim opportunity to get your hands on a bottle. Even though it isn't the best, I would love to have a fresh pint on this on tap in it's motherland!"
"The mouthfeel was OK, but there wasn't anything I really enjoyed about this beer. -"
"11.2 ounce bottle. Thanks MABZ!!!"
"Since Sahti is a live product, it will change quickly. Fresh examples are sweet and not tart at all, but bottles that have been around for a while can become quite sour. This is a very good example of the style."
"The mouthfeel is odd. While it isn't entirely flat, it's much more lightly carbonated than I'm used to. And it somehow manages to coat the tongue. Hmmm, who would have thought about body from such a clear beer. And while it is a pretty good beer, the price is too prohibitive to make this a habit. 5 clams for the bottle. Ouch!"
"Well, pretty boring to me. I have no interest in ever drinking this again. It tastes like an English IPA without the hops. Hard to finish. No redeeming qualities. A complete waste of $4.49."
"Drinkability: Definitely not worth the money I spent on the bottle, around $5 if I remember right. The beer was OK overall but not something I will seek out againl."
"Poured into a tumbler. No head. Cloudy brown. Smell was weak. I was expecting a little juniper hit in the nose, but nothing was present. Taste was pleasingly sweet, but with the lack of any juniper bite. It's as if they brewed this for export thinking that non-Finns wouldn't be able to handle anything over-the-top or complex. Damn marketing firm. Mouthfeel was dominated by the sweetness with some surprising carbonation (because bubbles were tough to spot.) Of course, if you like somewhat sweet beers this is an easy to imbibe. Fell way short of expectations and certainly not worth the premium price that I paid for it. Had to order a draft Goudenband to recover my taste buds."
"Did not happen, what I did get was a sour tasting, somewhat malty brew with little carbonation and no real head to speak of. Was it awful? No. Was it a unique taste experience? Hardly. Too bland and characterless. I would have preferred a lambic or gueze to this one, Again, not bad but nothing worth seking out."
"This was a different and interesting brew. I find it curious that my sample bottle was characterized by such a big carbonation when other reviewers longed for such. I was pleased with this refreshing selection."
"This fragile brew has a short shelf life, so be sure to get it as fresh as possible"
"11.2 oz bottle obtained from John's Grocery (Iowa City) in Feb 2005 and consumed a couple evenings later. No freshness date, which is a concern because Sahti is suppose to be served fresh (well, that's what the BA article says). Hard poured to get almost a thin layer of white head over a cloudy apple cider colored liquid. Smells piney with mild cherry sour, raspberry, and rhubarb. Tastes sour with notable piney flavors at first. Fruity flavors appear momentarily including apples (like hard cider), raspberry, and strawberries. It's quite dry, which makes it a bit difficult for me to pick out additional fruits, although there clearly are more than I listed above. The end, during the swallow has a chalky kind of bark flavor that persists well into the aftertaste, which also includes tart grapefruit. This is sour, but not as sour at the Lammin Sahti I had a couple nights ago. It also doesn't have as much depth in scent and flavor. Carbonation is very mild and, with it's counterpart, it does share a late burst of of fine bubbles that form on the flat of my tongue and tear it apart with an acrid ummph. Overall, it leaves me with an impression of a dry and barky hard cider. Medium mouthfeel. Fairly drinkable, I could certainly handle another (which I couldn't of the Lammin Sahti the other night). I highly recommend trying this bevereage one evening in preparation for the Lammin Sahti the next evening. This was a challenging beverage. I'm glad I had the opportunity to try it and would eagerly have another in the future."
"I am now a Sahti fan."
"Drinkability & Notes: Weird … I sort of like the flavor, it has grown on me after several sips. If the carbonation had a nice sharp spike of crispness to it I’d probably love it."
"Subjectively, it is certainly interesting, but objectively nearly impossible to score due to lack of experience."
