review_text
""
""
"Not worth 6 freakin dollars, screw you cool looking bottle!"
"Look: Very dark brown almost black color, shiny foamy head; Smell: Roasted malt, chocolate and some acidity, like radish; Taste: Roasted malt and toffee, unripe hops; Mouthfeel: Sour, high carbonation and medium body; Drinkability, very bad, i guess it's made with hops too green or not mature enough."
"Fruity and quite sour on the palate - really, venturing into Flemish territory, it's that sour. Could this have been the brewer's intent? If so, then he has odd tastes, and an odd comprehension of the style. Sour orange, unripe strawberry, a hint of prunes. Quick, sharp finish and fairly fizzy carbonation. I am not sure what to make of this beer - as a stout it can only be called a failure, but it succeeds, in a way, as a sour ale."
"Not impressed with this beer overall; maybe it was the fact that it was brought back all the way from Mexico in a cargo hold before I got to drink it, but it just doesn't seem very well thought out. At least it's in a cool blue bottle!"
"I wont have more than 1 if i were you, but is nice for a mexican stout... Im glad that we are exploring the ales world and not just sticking to the old corona and sol adjunct lager type of beer"
"Tasted 16/10/08"
"Drinkability: Great looking bottle, but inside is a beer that is not so great. If they hadn't watered down the malts so much, this wouldn't have been such a bad beer. One is more than enough for me! If you're a bottle collector you should consider buying just the bottle, but if you're just a beer drinker, just be careful."
"Cerveza Potro (potro means horse) is a lousy product in an impressive package. Don't be a sucker like I was and spend $5.99 on this swill. Far from being a thoroughbred, this nag is ready for the glue factory. Bleh."
"Not recommended."
"Pours an opaque black with a head that really doesn't stick around long at all. If it did, I'd be more inclined to give a higher score. Nose is a mix between smoky, roasted qualities and dirty water. Seems to have a bit of cheap licorice candy fragrance as well. Not impressed. Flavor is just way off. So thin and watered down and just dirty in general. Lacks elegance, body, or grace. I am not even going to bother with elaborating. Feel is thin with low carbonation and still that dirty water edge. No way is this drinkable. This is going down the drain. Avoid like the plague. I bought it because it was a cool bottle. If I had read reviews beforehand, I would have avoided. Avoid, avoid, avoid."
"Overall - A very strange brew and not really in a good way.. possibly the weirdest stout i've ever had... maybe worth a try once..."
"Interesting! At the outset, you have to give credit to this brewer for venturing to make a stout in Mexico. This bottle can't be beat, I love the long neck. The smell is new to me... maybe I should have expected it, but this Mexican beer has a hint of lime to it. Also a sour yeast nose, I don't have an idea where it comes from. The taste has the same sour notes, but the addition of a roasty finish. Pretty thin both in taste and consistency, but this makes it easy to drink. This would be a great beer if it was on tap at a local bar, but it is definitely not something I would seek out."
"500 ml blue ""liqueur design"" bottle, bought in Edinburgh. ""Lote 00148"". ABV is 4.7%. Black coloured beer, reddish brown in the highlights. Large to moderate tan head. Unusual aroma with notes of balsamic vinegar, dark fermenting fruits, ensilage, burned rubber and glue, hints of chocolate and liquorice - good and not-so-good at the same time. The flavour is moderately roasty, fruity and acidic with distinct notes of smoke, hints of liquorice. The mouthfeel is a bit thin. Very far from being the best porter in the world, but worth a try."
"Drinkability: Who knows, maybe Lot #133 is right on the money. Though, I will say that that blue bottle is the bee's knees!"
"this beer is not anything it should be, it smells almost ok then the flavor is so off it hurts, I had to sneeze."
"It is a nice beer one of Mexico's finest English Stout, I prefer it over Guinness."
"It was drinkable but not worth trying again at the price I paid."
"This is kind of like a watered down stout for people on low carb diets, but that doesn't really make sense. So essentially, it's pointless. It would be worth a try if it weren't as expensive as it is. Definitely not, as the bottle claims, 'Mexico's Finest.'"
"Nice looking cobalt bottle with a tag around the neck. Sour, off aroma as it pours a black with decent clarity and very little head. Taste is extremely one dimensional with a bit of off malt flavor and some of the sourness promised by the smell. Mouthfeel is thin; drinkability is pour. This beer is all hat, no cattle."
"(And, this is certainly not an ""English stout."" Someone's mixed up.)"
"Mouthfeel is on the light side with lots of active carbonation. Ends up a bit too watery. I don't recall what I paid for this bottle, but I don't see it as something I'd be coming back to again soon. Worth a try, but it doesn't end up doing it for me."
"Drinkability: Despite its numerous flaws, this beer is a decent quaffer; very easy to drink with some interesting flavors; the marketing promo that is attached to the bottle describes this as an ""old world style Mexican cerveza"" and a ""dark ale"" - perhaps we are not evaluating this in the proper category as it is a poor stout or porter but would be a decent dark lager"
"Potro is almost black in color with a short, light brown head. The smell strength is weak. Aroma is of roasted malt, coffee is noted, as well as a hint of chocolate. Taste is that of a slightly watery stout. Roasted malt flavors are there, but seem thined out. Coffee flavor is most prevalent and is joined by a touch of chocolate. There isn't enough flavor here to get excited, the brewer needs to beef up the malt for this to improve."
"16.9 ounce blue bottle, fill level at nearly 4"" below crown."
"This is in my opinion is one of those comfort beers. While it not amazingly complex and unique. It was a very well balanced beer that had a good consistent flavor that was unique for its stlye. It pours a really nice mocha brown head and with a scents of butterscotch, roasted malts, and a hint of hoppy bitterness. It tasted great, nice and smooth. Hints of roasted malts, a slight hoppy bitterness, and a maybe a slight slight hint of mocha. Overal I really enjoyed this beer. And yes the bottle was very cool looking."
"Beer comes in the coolest bottle out there in beerland. Pours pitch black, no can see thru the light, head disappears quickly. Smells a bit like cocoa. Taste is a really nice cocoa flavor and some burnt malt (but in a good way) Mouthfeel is a bit of a let down, real thin and watery. Overall it is pretty good, one of two beers from Mexico that is pretty tasty (Negra Modelo is the other) Tastes more like a black lager rather than a porter, but it's still pretty good. Worth seeking out."
"Saw the cool looking bottle at the store and grabbed one. Apparently its a mexican brewed porter, although the bottle makes no mention of the beer style. Pours a dark brown with a brown head that disappears after a minute or two. Smell has hints of malt and some chemical I can't ID. The taste is OK. Average, nothing special. Has hints of chocolate malt. All in all this beer is drinkable but average. I've had worse and a lot that are better."
"Mouthfeel- A little dry and creamy, but mostly bland. This would be a good dark beer to throw back one after another. The drinkablity is what is nice about this beer."
"Ultimately, this is a session beer disguised as a craft beer. I'd get it again if I could get a 12 pack for $7, but there's no way I'm spending $5 for a bottle of this weak beer. My search for a great Mexican beer continues..."
"Bought this for the equivalent of $2.30 in a Mexican gas station near the town of Queretaro by Mexico City. Great 500 ml cobalt blue bottle. Beer color is Dark coffee brown. Body on the heavy side, steady carbonation, but a weird smell. Do they use cactus or tequila in this brew? Toasted grain aroma. Definite licorice notes, medium sweetness, nuts, milkiness. Malty, roasted nutty aroma. Metallic and an odd flavor. This porter has something unusual in it, I just can not place it. Above average as far as mexican beers go, and not too bad, but you need to acquire a taste for this one. Maybe this is a dark lager in disguise?"
"I think the best mexican beer."
"Pours a one-finger light tan head that goes quickly leaving traces of lace. Totally black color, light carbonation and light bodied. Nose is slightly malty. Starts sweet, roasted coffee and chocolate finish. One of the better Mexican beers I have had. $5.49 for 500ml bottle from Tully's Beer & Wine Wells, Me."
"Very dark body, with a tiny head that leaves a good lace. When i saw this bottle i wasnt expecting a porter. Good smell, a little coffe like, roasted malt all over... Good decent taste, it leaves the feeling of eating something burnt, but i think thats the point of a porter."
"Extremely I am fascinated and contented for this beer, a real mexican porter in Mexico made by mexican in the birthplace of our independence, viva mexico, its flavor nothing requests to English porter, its aroma nothing request to the Irish, his bottle had a touch of vintage look in blue cobalt, only one thing, his label it leaves much to be desired, his caramel and chocolat malt gives a wonderful flavor."
"NIce product. As other said, it is a surprise and coming from a Tequila producer. It has toasted grains on int, smells like coffee, like a stout may say. The bottle, is really awesome for a Mexican beer, I think more products like this should be made. New in Mexican market and new from the country to the world."
"The carbonation is average and soft.Flavor is just as nose advertises. Fairly mild up front with some brown sugar and caramel, almost too light in flavor. After the swallow some roasted malt and chocolate lingers in my mouth. THe finish is the strongest part of the flavor profile for sure. The beer is not deep or complex, but there is some flavor and it would be good on a hot sunny beach day, but for drinking in my apartment it is average."
"A surprisingly decent beer from Mexico."
"World class, cobalt blue bottle. Pours almost black, dark tan head and wispy lacing. Nose is of powdered sugar, chocolate and coffee. Fairly thin body wise, Watery in the mid section. Nice subtle notes of more chocolate and coffee picked up. Can't pick up much if any hops/bittering late. Eh, I didn't have real high hopes for a porter from Mexico. This one tastes more like a light sweet Caribean stout. there is much better porter/stout out there..."
"Drinkability- Well all I can say, It's Cinco de Mayo and if I have to have a Mexican beer then it will be this one. Corona I can water my plants with. Olé!"
"¡Salud!"
"Drinkability- The first bock I have had from Mexico. Not bad considering just about every beer I have had from there has been a disappointment except for maybe Negro Modello."
