review_text
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Lovely - a tasty stout that hits the spot. Looks the part, while the aroma and flavour showcase plenty of roasted malt and coffee notes. The body could be a shade thicker and perhaps slightly less carbonated, but it's none the worse for that. Goes down a treat - worth sampling if you come across it."
"I'd have preferred a little less 'fizz' in the body feel, but many would argue against that. Overall a fine beer by a brewery that blows 'hot and cold' for me."
"500ml bottle, bottle-conditioned. appearance - dark brown with subsiding head. smell - faint roast grain. taste - medium sweetness and bitterness, slight molasses. mouthfeel - quite chewy indicating good body, average-lively carbonation. overall - the archetypal stout, like guinness ought to be."
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"O: Good drinkable and a slightly bitter aftertaste."
"Blimey this is good stuff"
""
"Medium bodied with great carbonation, this beer exemplifies drinkability for the style. The body is about as full as a 4.6% ABV stout can get. It coats your mouth well without ever becoming sticky. The carbonation is only slightly fizzy but does not seem to interfere with the body or the flavors. The swallow foams up a bit but is a welcome part of the experience."
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Loved this. Highly drinkable and complex enough to chase down again."
"My slow, gentle pour resulted in only some tan wisps, but c'est la guerre. Color was a deep dark brown, black to the eye, but with brown highlights at the edges. Nose had notes of dark chocolate, fudge, licorice and dried dark fruit. It is a promising date with the lass. Mouthfeel was thin and she has aged well, but she has definitely aged. The taste was very charcoal smoky up front with dark chocolate underneath on the tongue. I have a feeling that the charcoal would have been more muted in her youth. Finish was smoky and charcoal, not bad, but perhaps not exactly as intended. It might be worth revisiting this beer, although it was billed as bottle conditioned."
"Drinkability: Mouthfeel issues aside, this is a very nice example of the style"
"D - a little too bitter and acidic to drink more than one."
"D: One of the most drinkable English Stouts I've tried."
"Drinkability: Very smooth and quite easy to drink. A great example of a British Stout. Well worth the price."
"AFTERMATH. Not a gentle beer. The charred-roasty flavors are strong and quite assertive. The bubbles, because they are rather strong, are also bit off-putting, though after letting it settle in the glass, a mellow flavor did reveal itself. Rather than drink this alone, some baked beans or shepherd's pie."
"Drinkability: This to me is a just above average English stout. It tastes good and I could have a couple, but could just as easily pass."
"Overall a really nice stout with a pleasant bitterness to it and some smoke. A lot going on in the flavour, but it's all very subtle."
"D: Nice beer here. Very tasty, goes down easily, and the ABV makes this an extremely sessionable beer."
"F: Finishes semi bitter with that nagging weird metallic tangy off flavor seeming to last way back on the tongue. It's semi dry and that lingering off flavor really detracts from the beer. A slight earthy bitter stout flavor also sticks around for a bit that is a more pleasant. It's also pretty thin."
"I like this. Haven't had many english stouts but this is nice and enjoyable. It won CAMRA's champion bottle conditioned beer award in 2008. I can clearly see why. Pick it up."
"D: very drinkable, fun in some superficial ways, but in the end not that satisfying. Best part is the label."
"Very tasty brew from a category that is sometimes passed over for the aggressive RIS's out there. Very easy to drink, and true to the style."
"D - For the most part this is a nice mild, sessionable, low ABV stout, and I'm not even a huge fan of any sort of stout. The worst part of the experience is the hellacious bitterness in the aftertaste that's almost impossible to shake. Very strange and very off-putting."
"The taste is quite good once you get by the really pricklish mouthfeel of the beer and the over the top carbonation with this one. The beer is definitely charred a bit around the edges, it has a molasses and caramel flavor, and is predominately semi-dark chocolate with some slight bittering notes. There is a bit of creamy smoothness hidden underneath all the prickly stuff. The beer isn't particularly watery, has very modest ABV, and had little aftertaste. Not a bad find."
"This one has some of the burnt, smokey, and roasted characteristics that set a stout (stout porter) aside from a porter. Well rounded and solid. Recommended."
"Pours a dark brown color, too much carbonation, huge foamy tan head, with some sticky lacing left behind. The nose is malty, with some toffee. The taste is bitter, malty, with some toffee notes. Medium body. Drinkable, a nice little brew."
"Overall - Nothing stands out. It is an OK beer. Taste is decent, but it is over carbonated and even with that, the aroma is lacking a bit."
"This beer is a little above average. I was close to awarding a ""4" for flavor, but it's just a little too one dimensional. That being said, Dorothy Goodbody tastes pretty good. She doesn't have enough to justify committing the rest of your life to her. But, for tonight, she'll do."
"16.9 ounce bottle. Served in a snifter, the beer pours black with a 2 inch frothy tan head. Head retention and lacing are both pretty good. The aroma is dark fruit, roasted malt, and some chocolate. Taste is similar to the aroma, with the addition of charred malt and some citrusy hops. Mouthfeel/body is medium, it's a little bit slick but the carbonation level is very high. There's definitely more carbonation than I'd like in a stout. Drinkability is decent, but would be much better if the carbonation was lower. It's not a bad English Stout, I'll have to try this again in the future."
"D: Tasty, goes down very easily, not too filling, mild kick, good representation of style, not usually the type of beer that I go for but this is a nice darker beer that is worth drinking for a long time if you're in the mood for the style."
"Future outlook: A really decent overall beer, but probably wouldn't get this one to savor ever again. Could surely be an OK addition to a night of heavy imbibing."
"Poured a 16oz bottle into my Tripel Karmeliet tulip. This beer pours a light, thin brown with a nice 3 inch beige head that lasts all the way down the way down. The aroma is light chocolate, a bit of soy sauce, and a bit of watered down coffee. The flavor is light coffee, a bit astringent, baker's chocolate, and an odd saltiness, that kind of follows suit to the soy sauce. The mouthfeel is light for a stout, slightly watery. This is really just an average beer across the boards."
"D - Overall, it's good. I would recommend that people try it. However, there are better stouts to be had for the money."
"drinks well, milder than the Pacific NW stouts that i've grown accustomed to. pleasent."
"Drinks alright, not enough malt depth to get to jacked up about, you could surely session on this, no problem. Better English stouts are out there, but this is worth a shot"
"D - OK. This was a little to sweet for me with a little too much carbonation."
"a little to heavy and I didn't care for the flavor not a favorite of mine couldn't drink this one too much."
"D - This is a very good beer. Only my second English Stout, but I really enjoyed it."
"Enjoyable."
"Funny looking stout... very pale colour, looks more like a brown ale. Really huge head, even in the little sample glasses we were using. Aroma is dry and smoky, and actually pretty nice. Flavour is also very smoky, with mild tobacco and slight sweetness in the aftertaste. Carbonation is a bit too high for the style."
"D: Average drinkability."
"Is it Marylan Monroe on the cover? A dark brown with decent head stout, sourish, much like an English brown really, with a tad smoke. Decent drinking. One of the highest ranked UK ales, maybe because of the boldness. Sessionable alcohol. Dry finish, thanks Mike and Jason."
"Black with edges turning deep amber under the light. Thin head disappeared fast, but left a decent lacing at first, then quits after several sips. Faint aroma of roasted malts. Tastes of mildly sweet chocolate and roasted malt with a medium body and finishes with a mild hop bitterness followed by coffee-like flavor and acidity. Sure, I'd do it again. No, I wasn't blown away."
"This beer was served with a large head and lots of lace. Very dark brown - maybe opaque. at first is seems more soft. maybe milk sugar, but then there's a serious edge to it. almost too much. Roasty, bitter, with some milk sugar characteristics. Great body, long finish."
"Not a bad stout, pretty flavorful. Good for the style. I would decant to keep out the sediment if I had it again."
"Light/medium bodied, smooth, almost creamy and easy to drink. A good introduction to the stout style."
"550ml brown bottle from Lighthouse in Manchester. Pretty much opaque black body with about an inch of tan head. Smells roasty, nutty, and licorice-like. Tastes burnt, smokey, chocolatey, coffee-like. Slightly astringent due to the burnt malt. Smooth creamy mouthfeel. Fairly drinkable, though it's still a sipper. Pretty good stout."
"Nose is really interesting but nothing to back it up."
"It pours very dark black with some dark brown around the edges in the light. It has a light brown head which at first pour is hugh and maintains nicely throughout the glass. Awesome lacing sticks to every part of the glass. Aroma of roasted malts and smoke. Taste begins the same and ends with a hint of bitterness. Average aftertaste hangs around for a little while. Mouth feel is slightly creamy, but light and it is very drinkable. Goodbody's is a nice overall English stout."
"This is a very nice English stout. Full of flavor and easy to drink, it makes me sad that I only bought a single bottle. I could go for another pint right about now."
"Short, fat 500 mL bottle, conditioned, with no freshness date - served in a chalice. Pours quite black with slight ruby highlights and an inch of light brown head that stays for awhile, and even after 45 minutes, is still 1/4"" thick. The bouquet consists of roasted, smoky, earthy/peat, and charcoal characteristics with some sweetness, dark fruits (plum, currant, raisin), and, at the end, notes of strawberry-kiwi juice, I swear. There is a big coffee, burnt, smoky, earthy malt quality on the palate, with a substantial coffee and hop bitterness. Also, there is a lactic acidity, leather, cocoa, unsweet chocolate, currant and blackberry, charcoal, and oily green hops along with a soft English hop character. It has a light to medium body that feels powdery and unfiltered and leaves a long roasty coffee finish. Overall a very nice, robust stout that is quite complex and a treat to quaff. I need some more of these around for cellaring purposes."
"The smoky/charcoal flavor was just right for the style. It went down fairly smoothly. Not necessarily a personal favorite - there are other stouts out there that are a bit more rich and complex - but a good example of the style and a solid choice."
"Full bodied, very wholesome. Decent carbonation with a thick body. Lovely finishing beer."
"The aroma is sweet and cola-like. Flat black...fading to dark brown at the base of the glass with a foamy tan head that is a full two fingers thick. Fore is roasty and bitter, but also watery tasting. Almost approaches licorice tasting, but it is somewhat chicory/sasparilla tasting as well. Finish is very mildly chocolate tasting, dry and bitter. English stouts always seem to be much thinner than their North American cousins and this one is as well."
"Body is medium but feels large due to the creamy texture caused by the tiny, pinpoint carbonation. Almost a cask mouthfeel."
"cheers..."
"D- This is a true stout. When the bitterness of the grain hangs on your breath as the hops do in and American IPA that is impressive. I enjoy dark roast coffee with big earthy taste and this appeals to the same taste buds. It really raises my standards for what a good stout should taste like."
"Poured with the head of a Belgian! Completely black, looking through it is like looking through a window with the shades drawn. A good thing for a stout! Taste is full of nice roasted malts a little espresso, and a hint of bitterness. Lace all the way down the glass! Not bad."
"The mouthfeel is a bit thin, and the bitterness lingers in the back of the mouth forever, accompanied by a huge dryness which also seems to keep to the back of the palate. With the dryness and smoke, it tastes like I just finished a cigarette. Not too highly drinkable, even though the ABV is just right for a sessionable stout."
"Poured into an imperial pint glass, formed a 1"" light brown head above the barely translucent root-beer-brown brew. Head isn't going anywhere fast, with good lacing. Aroma is moderately of dark malts and coffee, in particular. Taste follows the nose, sedate dark maltiness, and a slight coffee bitterness close. Mouthfeel seems a bit thin, but still nice, but drinkability is very high for this, goes down easy."
"The beer pours a deep dark black color with a thick frothy tan head that slowly fades to lacing. The aroma is good. It has a dry and earthy, black malt scent with some hints of chocolate and coffee. It's semi-sweet with a light hop aroma. The taste is decent. It has a dry, yet slightly sweet black malt flavor that hints of chococlate. It goes down easy with an earthy, bitter finish. It's too dry for me. I like hops in a stout, but I don't care for such a dry finish. The mouthfeel is decent also. It's a full bodied beer with a little too much carbonation. I would love to try this on a nitro tap. This is an above average English stout. I like the aroma and the appearance, but it's too dry and bubbly for my liking."
"Not a horrible beer, but disappointing nevertheless. The last two UK beers I've had were ones that looked promising when I first laid eyes on them and turned out to be pretty bland. I suppose the fact that they were in big bottles should assuage my disappointment, but it just seems like there's more to be let-down by. Not impressed ."
"Taste: The flavor upfront was extremely dry. There just wasn't anything there. Then in the middle rose the strong flavor of dark roasted malts and burnt wood. A hint of hops and some sweet chocolate and malt rose up on the finish, but it was a little too late and too weak to do much good."
"The color is almost black with a dark cola glow towards the bottom of the pint glass. The head is enormous, light brown, and very thick and sticky. Pour carefully or the head becomes a pain in the ass because the retention is almost too great. The aroma is surprisingly weak and consists of a vague smell of roasted coffee. Taste is initially dry and bitter, with a roasted coffee flavor. This flavor is joined by a dark chocolate malt taste towards the middle of a sip, which brings a nice balance and rich sweetness. Finish has a dry, bitter roastiness. Overall flavor reminds me more of an Irish dry stout than the few English stouts I've sampled. That said, Dorothy Goodbody's Stout is a choice beer find and only lacks in the aroma category. Highly recommended."
"Not a bad beer,one of the better English Stouts, but not interesting enough to get me to order another."
"Drinkability - very flavorful smokewise, that overshadows most ot the beer. At 4 bucks a half-liter it was worth a try."
"Enjoyed the 16.9 oz. beauty in my authentic Guinness glass. It poured with a perfect tan, consistent and fluffy head. The body was not quite black, but close. I guess you could say it was a very, very dark brown. The nose was prominently toasted malt but did have some coffee notes as well. The mouthfeel could be described as robust and a little bit rigid. This is mostly very bitter and very roasted in flavor leaving a wholesome barley underpining. The finish leaves a dry film and remains bitter with just a touch of coffee flavoring. I will say its not the easiest brew to put down and overall pretty average. However, it is an interesting interpretation of the style."
"Pours with a five-finger light brown head leaving a good lace. Totally black color. Medium carbonation and full bodied. Nose is roasted coffee. Starts with a roasted coffee flavor that finishes with a burnt coffee aftertaste. A dry stout. $4.45 for a 500ml bottle, from Colonial Spirits Acton, Ma."
"this beer wasnt what i thought it would be. sure it looks good, black as night, smells decent, roasty and hearty. but alas once in the mouth, its watery, thin and dumbed down. its like a quality stout that someone spilled some water into. unimpressed and hopefully it was a bad bottle?"
"Enjoyable stout, easy to drink and not as filling as some others."
"Dorothy Goodbody (who bears a striking resemblance to Marilyn Monroe) brews a pretty nice stout, although its body is no match for hers. Wholesome Stout is no 'head turner', as is its namesake, but is still good, solid beer. Sometimes that's enough."
"Great looking label. Consequently, great beer, too! Poured up black as coffee with no head, even with a slightly aggressive pour in an attempt to precipitate some foam. Smells like black dirt, wet canvas, a little bit of coffee, and a touch of dark unsweetened chocolate. The taste yields a bit more hops than I had expected, and builds upon the unsweetened chocolate tone first noted in the smell. Quite tasty. The mouthfeel, however, is exceptionally thin for this style. It seems hardly thicker than tap water. That's bad, and at the very least, dissappointing to me. I love a good stout, and as such, I like them to be thick and damn near leave an oily residue in my mouth. North Coast's ""Old Rasputin"" is good example of this. This stuff boasts a wonderful smell and lovely taste, but merely an average mouthfeel at best. Decent"
"Culling down my list at the Winking Lizard (Columbus) I came across this after being hesitant to try. Not a bad looking bottle. This selection poured deep brown with a very large beige head on top leaving small bitsof lace. The smell was of coffee and roasted nuts, subtle and sweet. Tastes average like most english beers I've had. Dry coffee, thin malt and a decent dose of chocolate. I drank it slightly faster than most but there's nothing complex or confusing about this beer. It ended up leaving a thin veil of residue on the toungue but not unpleasent. Overall a decent selection and worth a try."
"Sampled while in Vegas. I like the label, but then again I'm a sucker for the wholesome pin-up type of esthetic. Pours out with an opaque black body, spongy off-white head, with eventual lacing. Dark roasted malt on the nose, kind of peaty. Dry earthy flavour, somewhat herbal. Somewhat thin mouthfeel. Not something I'd pick up on a regular basis. I do like the lable though."
"This stout is jet black with hints of mahogony if the light hits it just right. You get a big thick foamy light brown head. I could only get a slight hint of coffee aroma thru that thick foamy head. There was a good strong roasted malt flavor with a very dry finish. I did'nt pick up any chocolate or coffee in the flavor."
"This delightful stout poured jet black, and formed a milk-chocolate head. It was pleasant an elegant, offering a mild roast aroma coffee aroma with hints of chocolate. The flavors blended coffee, grain and chocolate notes, in a smooth and refreshing brew. This was a light and drinkable brew."
"pours out of the bottle an oil black clour, with no head to speak of...thus absolutely no lace. aroma can best be described as one of pure baking cocoa. hints of caramel and toffee...and a ghost like sourishness. burntish malt taste...nice flavours in the malt profile...some unsweetened chocolate and burnt and bitter malt. the body seems rather thin which leads to a light mouthfeel. rather watery, lifeless and soulless. i'm guessing that this bottle is off or old or had rough travel from britain to my refrigerator. not a stout i will revisit. if only the stout were as good as the the blondie on the label."
"Bland and thin. Great label."
"Found this at a health food store while down in Greensboro,NC,pours a pitch black with an off white rather large fluffy head.Aroma is nutty and of burnt fruit,a very dry tasting stout somewhat tarry and cedary with a hint of nuttiness.Very English tasting and a good find but not sure if I could handle to many of them though."
"Quiet, mild, controlled and enjoyable."
"Drinkability – This was OK, but I thought the taste was a little two one-dimensional and the carbonation threw things off."
"I have to admit the label is probably the main thing that attracted my eye to this one on the shelf. Poured a dark black with the slightest brown edges. Sticky white head that had medium retention and left some lace. Aroma is very faint, but I am picking up mostly a sharp, chalky chocolate aroma. The taste was really quite good, I thought, mostly a bitter chocolate malt, roasted grains, smoke, and a touch of dry hops on the finish. It reminded me of a guiness without the nitro charge. Mouthfeel was smooth but a little thin and bubbly on the finish. Not bad at all except it was a little pricey."
"I had to buy this bottle because I couldn't turn that girl down (Good Marketing). Anyways this stout was lighter than most stouts and not real creamy or well carbonated. It had a sharp taste to it. The flavors were abundant. Very roasty turns into burnt molasses, lots of burnt bitterness. I noticed some vanilla in there along with some coal flavor. Tobacco was present. Hops were weak but they were there in the finish. The flavors were too inconsistent and the malt wasn't productive enough. But the bottle was excellent!"
"Where was Dorothy when I was single?"
"The bottle's fat body and narrow, straight neck, made it impossible to keep this beer from glug-glugging, but that was only part of the reason the beer had such a huge head. Long after pouring you could see sheets of super-tiny bubbles weaving upward to a head that never quite faded. The body was darkly black, and took tilting to see any color. The aroma was light except for a sour dish-rage smell that was a little off-putting. The flavor was not sour, but after an initial bit of roast, tapered off to be more on the bland side. Very dry though."
"Medium finish, vanishes a bit too soon, leaves the tongue too quickly. A nice stout, with late fruit emerging, and tasting well, while it lasts. Pretty average, nothing I'd turn to again...unless she'd show a little more LEG...A-hem"
"Drinkability: 4.6% ABV? I could drink this all night long. Light on the palate, big on the flavor. For me, this would be fantastic when pulled from a nitro tap. Dorothy Delivers!"
"Dark black pour, just a little light passes through down at the bottom. Creamy 1/4 inch head, good bubbly lace threads. Nice aroma, rich chocolate and a mellow blueberry tone. Very good flavor in the Brit style (non-huge), medium coffee roast, definite mocha cocoa, and a dryish but not deadly ashy finish. Pleasant creamy mouthfeel as well and it takes on better characteristics as it slightly warms. It won't blow your socks off, but this is a comfortable beer to have sitting beside the chair in an imperial pint glass."
"Rich chocolate nose, with some roast, mollasses/vegemite. Really dry mouthfeel, bitter and roasty. Cadbury Chocolate flavour, some cola, vanilla, vegemite and some citric hops, quite a lot of different flavours. Light to medium bodied, with a fizzy mouthfeel. Its not bad, i just don't think the flavours blended together that well."
"Flavor is definitely wholesome. Rich roasted bittersweetness, with wonderful coffee, chocolate, and dark berry flavors. Mild hopping providing a light dryness to the finish. Smooth mild carbonation, long finish, with a coffee aftertaste. No graininess or bready flavors. Wonderful. I could drink this as my stout of choice."
"This Stout has a nice mild coffee taste to it. The nose is that of coffee. This is a Stout that I truly enjoyed every taste that I drank and that is saying something about this particular Stout as I do not enjoy the extremely strong coffee tasting Stouts. Give me a mild tasting Stout and I am happy!"
"This Goodbody is a good body indeed. The dark black mahogany body is topped by a nice off-white to light tan head that lingers for awhile. This dissipates to a thin layer that leaves some decent ring lacing. The nose is light, but gives a sense of roasted malt and hints of caramel. The flavor is very much a roasted malt that gives some nice caramel taste and a slightly oily and earthy sense. Very well balanced against the hops. This is not overly strong stout, allowing the drinker to have more than one to a session. A tad bit watery on the feel. Whenever I see the Dorothy Goodbody beers I wonder if I enjoy the beer or the labeling the most. Who cares; both are equally well done."
"typical of a good stout. This brew is smooth and leaves behind a clinging vine lacing. A rather nice stout."
"Poured a dark mahogany black with just a dab of a tan head forming at the top. The smell is pleasantly malty - roasted and chocolate notes are very prevalent. The taste is smooth with a strong hop bite. As the beer finishes on the palate, it fades to roasted grain bitterness, finished smoothly by a recurrence of hops. A very tasty brew."
"Wonderful appearance! It's very deep mahogany/black body is topped by a great big dollop of rocky tan foam that holds well. It eventually drops to a creamy collar and thin surface covering while just a small rocky outcrop remains of the former mountain of foam. It leaves solid sheets of lace throughout the first few sips, and some pretty solid rings after that. The nose is limited, but displays some roastiness and some dark caramelized sugar. The flavor delivers very much the same thing with a dryish and gently acidic roasted malt that expresses some nice caramel as well. The yeast and hops have added a thin note of citrusy fruit that livens things up. It's light and smooth across the palate, gently caressing the tongue with a soft, fine natural carbonation before simply sliding away. The flavor remains, however, in a long and dry lingering finish that first displays a light metallic note; then some licorice; and finally a delicate roastiness and rising bitterness that eventually cleanses the palate and leaves you ready for another swallow. Very well balanced and quite nice! It's certainly not overdone, allowing you to have far more than one in a session if so desired; yet it also has just enough flavor and character that you might want to."
"A dark black stout with a good sized head. The aroma of sweet malt, chocolate and coffee. I was surprised by the carbonated feel of the beer which I found a little detracting. No overwelming flavor comes through, noticeable coffee, roasted malt and chocolate. Not very complex. It is smooth at the end and overall could be very drinkable."
"Virtually black, thick liquid with a thin, pretty head. Smells a lot like bitter coffee. Coffee and roasted grains. It’s really a pleasing aroma, and suits the beer very well. A rough, jagged graininess dissolves into a unbelievably creamy finish. Mildly bitter at the end. This is a nice, drinkable dry stout. It could be a little more intense, but it’s still a very good drink."
"Yet another very good stout. This brew pours out a pitch black color, with a head that waives to you at the start, and quickly dissipates. The aroma is acceptable, but is really not as prominent as the flavor of this stout. That flavor, by the way, is slightly sweet and pronounced. This one is worth a try. Prost!"
"See through ruby-black color, large foamy light brown head, moderate lacing. Mild coffee smokey flavors, dry roasty burnt bitter flavors, nice dry finish, light body and a little thin, alright for the style, reminds me of beamish."
"The bottle was marked ""Voted Britain's Champion Winter Beer"" 2002."
"It would be a treat to have this on cask ... *dream*"
"Name says James Bond. Label is a ""wholesome"" Marilyn Monroe. Black with ruby highlights body. BIG foamy tan head. My lips left a dent. Lace: hell, there is a half-inch thick mass of rocky foam hanging down the inside of the glass. Lots of burnt and/or toasted notes in aroma and the taste. Taste adds a little hop zing, but not a lot. Smoooooooth. But not the artifical smooth of nitro cans. At $4 for 1 pint 9 fl oz, I wouldn't buy this often, but I will pick it up again. Very nice."
"Black in color with a very bubbly off-white head.  Medium bodied beer with a bit of sweetness underlying some pretty intense burnt/roasted flavors.  Bitterness is moderate, leaving a pleasant bite to the finish which gets more pronounced as time passes.  Overall the flavor profile is very nice, but not outstanding."
"Fluffy bubbly tan head stays pancaked on top of the striking black liquid. Medium bodied but not sweet. Soft and rounded burnt grain and charcoal flavours are lush within the maltiness and throw hints of smoke also. Earthiness comes from both this and the hops donning a growing bitter finish."
