review_text
""
""
""
""
""
"On tap at C'est What. Pours an opaque black colour with thin tan head. Spotty lacing down much of the glass and the head doesn't dissipate. Smells of dark chocolate with a mild roasted malt. Flavour actually has much more hop bitterness than I expected (even though I've had this several other times). Not very sweet, but still some chocolate flavour. Creamy mouthfeel."
"Pint at C'est What. Pours jet black with a beige/tan head. Drapes of spotted lacing line the tumbler. Attractive brew. Smell and taste are the usual suspects: coffee and cream, a bit of cocoa, roasted malt, burnt grains, nice milky flavour, some ash and bitterness in the aftertaste. Mouthfeel is lush, medium bodied, with added richness from the nitro-tap. A tasty and drinkable session beer."
"D: Overall acceptable but not stellar."
"Not as sweet as I would expect this kind of stout to be. When I asked the guy pouring it, he said it was 'just a normal dry stout'. For that particular description, this is bang on."
"On tap at Smokeless Joe's- Tapped a deep cola pour, accompanied by a frothy mocha cap. Some lace sticks to the glass. Nose of dark fruit, cola, some dark chocolate, subtle black coffee. Tastes of dark chocolate, black coffee, a bit fruity too. Light bitterness balances out the mild fruity sweetness. Pretty good stuff."
"Had it on tap last night at Volo in Toronto. Showed up on the table looking rich and creamy. Very dark and stouty, with a hint of red highlight. Great mouth feel nice and smooth with great sweet malty taste not as bitter on the end as some stouts which is a nice changed very drinkable. Kind of rich feeling, smelled like sweeter than some stouts I've had. Would recomend this to people who aren't huge fans of Guiness but want to try other stouts."
"I tried this beer on January 28, 2008 at ""Smokeless Joe's"" in Toronto. The beer was dark brown/black in the glass with a thin, creamy light brown head. The aroma was roasted malt. chocolate, and raisin. The mouthfeel was full-bodied, creamy, with medium carbonation. The flavour was roasted malt, a little coffee, and a little licorice."
"Cask conditioned at Volo. Very dark body, with a small beige head, which leaves really impressive lacing all the way to the bottom of the glass. Seems to defy physics. Caramel in the aroma, with toasted notes. Cocoa, coffee and vanilla are mixed in with the roasted malts nicely. Moderately bitter. Medium bodied, with a dry finish."
"drinkability is good. well balanced. this is one i'd happily try again and would love to see generally available."
"D: Below average."
"A chalky black body, shades of grey actually. Some spotty head. Aroma full of inticement. Notes of dark malts, a strong roast presence, hints of dark tobacco and all wrapped between a sutty, fireplace like smokyness. The body is considerably creamy, a little flat and warm as result of the cask - well suited for the beer. Flavours again of hefty dark malts, light degree of roast. Plenty of appeal. This is always a great stout. An absolute pleasure to have off cask."
"Overall, a wonderful beer in a style that's not common around here, and I wish it were more prevalent around town!"
"On cask at Volo. Pours black with some red highlights on the edges, medium sized thick tan head forms, lots of sticky lace, good retention, right down to the last drop. Smell is sweet cherries, roast, chocolate/coffee, excellent. Taste is sweet cherries, dry roasty middle with plenty of chocolate and coffee, little bit of caramel, lots of fruits and some citrus in the finish, nice roasty bitterness going down. Mouthful is medium bodied with low carbonation, very creamy and smooth. Treat to find, I'll always take a pint. Cask is much better than nitro for this one."
"Nose is earthy, full of chocolate and some coffee. Taste is dominated by chocolate, nice and creamy smooth on the palate. Wonderful pint to drink. Earthiness here too, but it added to the character of the beer to my mind. Overall nicely put together and well worth a try."
"Transparent ruby. Nice eyes of lace peering back at me. Another dull aroma beer from D.C. Slight earthiness shows in both nose and taste – I hate to use this but since I’m a gardener I’ll have to throw it out there – bat guano. Earthy. Rustic, chalky flavors repulse the tongue. Cola flavors throughout. Roasty bitterness and hints of chocolate and coffee come through at the last possible moment to save this from being a major disaster. Too thin mouthfeel. Earthy smells along with non-remarkable flavors make the $5 pint seem absolutely worthless."
"Poured black, with ruby highlights and light seeping through. Light tan head, not much retention or lacing. Sweet, chocolatey aroma, with hints of hops, butterscotch and a slight roasted flavour. Taste was well balanced with some roasted flavours, chocolate, toffee contrasted by the hops and moderate bitterness. A tad sour after each sip. Body was a bit light for a stout, but extremely drinkable. Quite the delicious stout."
"Pours black with a dark orangey-red hue with a bubbly tan head which leaves bubbles down the glass. Buttery nose with the roasted malt in the nose. Very nice balance between a sweet butterscotch diacetyl and the roasted malts. Quite a nice balance. Sweet but not overpoweringly so. Mouthfeel is nice and smooth from the cask conditioning. A very nice and drinkable stout."
"Pours, or rather pumps and strong black with a hint red in the light. Head is tan, big and foamy, with much lacing. Aroma of strong roasted malt and coffee. The taste was a very creamy robust roasted malt with coffee notes and very pure taste, like a mountain lake. The mouthfeel was light, yet full, and went down very easily. I could drink this all night, and I probably will."
"The mouthfeel of this beer is specatuclar with lots of creamyness and that characteristic 'watery' cask beer feel. Its hard to explain but its a good thing. Indeed this is a very good beer, and a unique stout treat for me."
"Again, 21 months later cask conditioned at Volo's and nice, coffee aroma, smooth and dry."
"This had a very thick and creamy light brown head that easily lasted throughout the beer and formed thick lace on the glass. The beer itself was nearly black, with ruby highlights visible at the edge of the glass. Maltiness and roasted barley dominated the aroma, with a light hoppiness evident. Bitter to start, followed by sweet chocolate and light roasted flavours. A mild bitterness followed through into the finish. Astringency was well controlled. Medium full body with a silky smooth texture. This is a very nice stout."
"The taste will surely please anyone that craves big chocolate mocha like malts and some nice flavoring hops. Not altogether bitter, either, which was nice and lends to the quaffability factor. Wow, I am impressed with the finish as well - very smooth and dry, again with minimal bitterness. Seek it out if you can find it....very much recommended! By the way, cheers to Smokeless Joe for ALL the amazing beers!! WOW!"
