review_text
""
"Food match: Roast meat/vegetables with gravy would be too heavy for this Lagerish drop - stick with white meats (chicken/pork) and steamed veges and a lighter sauce like béchamel or mustard sauce."
"I'm not sure what it is like in bottle form, but surely it must be better than this!"
""
""
""
"Overall: very good quality Australian version of the English Stout. Used to be 4.9%, but now for some reason is 4.4%, tastes a bit more like a very strong-flavoured English Mild rather than a Stout. Still very tasty though, and I assume Carlton did it to bring the prices down when the Aussie Gov't decided to charge more the higher the ABV."
"O/D - Nothing special yet not bad for a macro dark ale or whatever style it's intention is. A tad sweet, but otherwise I wouldn't have a problem drinking this over Carlton's other offerings."
"O - Not sure about the categorization as English Stout but it is surprisingly good. It is very basic really but it works. I cant think of anything better from CUB."
"Not a bad drop from the world’s worst brewer. Mild, dry porter. Inoffensive style and somewhat lighert in palate weight than the beer (I think) is trying to emulate (Tooheys Old). Excellent colour - its actually black! Surprisngly easy to drink as a quaffer."
"Extremely watery body really detracts from the experience."
"Like I said: it's not unpleasant. That's pretty decent praise for a brewery which comes up with some of the most diabolical beers on earth. While it certainly is lacking, it has some pleasant characters, and I'd certainly rather down a pint of this than of Carlton Draught or VB."
"I am truly in shock! Fosters Group actually makes a good beer! I'd be happy to drink this any time - it's hard to believe that this comes from the same company that makes Carlton Draught and VB."
"Quite drinkable but I felt it was lacking. Not something I'd actively seek out but OK every now and again."
"Still not a bad beer but I'd prefer an Abbotsford Invalid over this."
"Would I drink it again? yep, but only if I am in the mood...the final sweetness left after the swallow just seemed a little artificial & syrupy for my general liking."
"Overall - Tastes a bit like a dumbed down porter, but enjoyable nonetheless. A good beer from one of the most boring breweries in the world."
"Not much bitterness... I think the term Mild is best applied here. This beer is, basically, mild & inoffensive."
"not a whole lot to work with here, but still manages to be quie enjoyable."
"As far as I know this is my first English Stout to date. Poured into a Stella Artois chalice a black color, with a little bit of brown towards the bottom of the glass and a small white lace head. Not much in the nose department besides maybe a bit of burnt coffee and some smoke characters. Taste was decent, with coffee, light chocolate all up front and a roasted background. Mouthfeel was light to medium bodied, with a surprising amount of hop bitterness right up until the end. Being on the light side made it a pretty easy beer to drink. Not a beer with a myriad of complexities or anything groundbreaking, but it is still an easy drinking beer. Not bad, not great, still probably worth a try."
"Pours a very deep dark ruby color with some tan head that's really not as creamy as I'm used to with stouts or 'black ales'.. There really isn't much aroma to this beer at all, I think I smell a faint faint hint of chocolate malt, but I can't be sure. The taste is pretty mellow for a stout, but looking at the bottle, they're not claiming it's a stout, just a 'black ale' and for that, it tastes good. Balanced flavor with some chocolate notes to it. Not a whole lot of bitterness, but there's a little hop flavor on the back end. Mouthfeel is very creamy, not much carbonation at all. All in all, it's a very drinkable beer, the flavor is not overly strong, but it is there and it's good, which is more than most macro beers have."
"Taste isn't bad, however I am not usually a fan of strong darker beers, and so I am led to believe that this one would generally be considered bland. It's essentially chocolatey and weak. There is (naturally) a dark beer flavour, but without the overwhelming chloriney, burnt-toast bitterness I sometimes experience. I am leaning towards giving this a rave review for a dark beer but I can step back from my own general mistrust of its style and appreciate that it's really too simple to be regarded as a truly great beer. It's very drinkable, I like it, but it's nothing to cream yourself over."
"But then when you drink it from the bottle... its VB with extras, that standard CUB yeasty flavour predominates and you realise its all a sham. Get it fresh on tap if you're going to give this a try."
"Flavor is sweet toffee and some black coffee with again a hint of molasses. The finish lingers bittersweet. AN enjoyable beer for sure. Not what I expected but good."
"However I would be happy to buy an drink this again."
"Drinkability: 3.5"
"really this is just VB or draught with roasted malts, and luckily for CUB, adding this to a beer can sometimes hide a multitude of sins. in this case its got them close to average. i wouldnt be getting too carried away if i was them tho. they might brew something decent sometime this millenium!"
"Pretty drinkable little brew, nice subtle roastiness, but a bit sticky or something, didn't do all that much with flavour either, but skullable, not a bad price either."
"Average beer, i'll drink it again."
