review_text
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"330 ml. bottle. Pretty cool bottle, pours ana lmost black colour with asamll head that goes away in a minute, levaing some lace. Smell is chocolate, or rather chocolate liquor cream, I can't smell any other thing, even if chocolate is not really that pronounced. I also expected a thicker body. Taste is chocolate liquor cream, with notes of dark fruits, but again is somehow a faint one. It's really pleasant, but it could be stronger in every sense. But I'll try it again if i have the chance."
""
""
""
"On the tongue it's robust yet coating, smooth yet structured with assertive bitterness, low carbonation and soothing alcohol warmth."
""
""
"http://abarwithnoname.wordpress.com"
"Quite nice - the chocolate definitely comes across. The taste is more milk chocolate than cocoa, and rather sweet, but it blends nicely with the roasted malt. The weakest element is the mouthfeel, which ought to be thicker and more substantial. However, it goes down nicely enough. Worth trying."
""
"A nice beer, it has element of a milk stout, and I wish it had the body of an oatmeal stout. Good, but not great."
""
"O: Kind of a disappointment (that's what I get for being a sucker for advertising). The chocolate flavor is there, but is lacking in depth. Overall it's pretty easy drinking, which makes it a little underwhelming."
"Eh. I've had better beers from Meantime. This is a pretty insipid one, with the chocolate adding little more than gimmick, to my mind."
"O: A chocolatey beer...what else is there to say? I'd have another, but I'd really have to be in the mood. Recommended if you want chocolate beer. An honest label."
"Interesting overall. Chocolate, but no sweetness. That's a leap for the senses."
"This brew pours a dark cherry cola hue with decent carbonation that leaves behind a creamy two finger head and lacing everywhere,the smell is straight out dutch chocolate,coccoa nibs and not much else,it has a light-medium bodied well carbonated mouthfeel and has tastes of rich dutch chocolate,light fruity hops,dark coccoa nibs,ovaltine and milky chocolate and overall this is definately a dessert brew the only clear taste i get is chocolate and even though im a chocolate fan there is a fine line between choc and beer cheers."
"Overall, nice and very drinkable chocolate porter."
"O - Overall a very nice beer to sit and enjoy on its own. Probably not one for a session, but very pleasant."
"Good effort, but could be better. Just like Meantimes London Porter."
"D- It's almost like a liquor, but not too thick. The taste is just rich enough that you can sip it slower, while it's still light enough to have a few glasses."
"I bought this beer for my wife to have because the bottle looked so neat I decided to try one myself. Mistake. Not the best stout I have ever had and one I will not volunteer to drink again."
"M: medium-full body, a nice balance, you dont get the alcohol at all"
"D - Highly drinkable which is what I expect they were going for."
"On-tap at the Farmhouse in Emmaus. $8 for a snifter (not oversized). The beer is defined by a clean and clear dry chocolate flavor. There are hint of berries and caramel, but for the most part, this beer smells and taste like a high-end dark chocolate, though it's not terribly dark, maybe 40% cocoa. It's almost like a liquor, but not too thick. The taste is just rich enough that you can sip it slower, while it's still light enough to have a few glasses."
"I think it's a ""meditation"" beer and I couldn't figure out which food it can pair with, maybe it's better to taste it by itself."
"D - A very drinkable English Stout... There's nothing especially memorable about this one, but there is something that makes it quaffable and slightly more than the sum of its parts... I would gladly drink again..."
"D I liked, not loved this beer. I will drink it again if it is on tap but I am not going to seek it out."
"Dark/brwon beer. Fizzy off-white head. Aroma and flavor of roasted malt, remembering milk chocolate (good flavour). Light-bodied. It's a good beer, but only one cup is enough. Regular beer. Beer fot the chocolate lovers. Anyway, it´s not my kind of beer."
"Way carbonated, to the point of being overcarbonated, kinda thin in the mouth as well, blech."
"330 ml. private order share. Pours Black, thickish, with a little dark head. Aromas is a little roasty and chcoolate. The flavour is even more (undertstated) chocolate, a little roasty, and on the dry side. Not bad at all, and is good as a dry stout, a little less than what it culd be as a porter."
"Bottle: Poured a clear light brown color porter with a large foamy head with OK retention and some light lacing. Aroma of dry coffee notes with light chocolate ester is pleasant. Taste is also a mix between some nutty malt with light notes of dry coffee and very subtle notes of chocolate. Body is too thin for style with good carbonation. A bit disappointed as I was expecting a lot more chocolate and a fuller body."
"D:A pretty nice beer, but I'm going to their London Porter the next time with Meantime. That beer is phenomenal, this beer is just OK."
"Nothing mind blowing here, just an easy to appreciate and drink light English stout (or porter, as the menu at TJ's stated)."
"Why is it the beers that have chocolate written somewhere on the label are the ones that taste the least like chocolate? Putting the chocolate aside, just as a stout this beer is a little lacking. There is a touch of choclate on the nose but it isn't defining. The palate is a little uneven and lacking in direction; bitterness is mild and body is light-medium. Overall, drinkable but not memorable."
"Typical stout body and very, very easy to drink. One of the best chocolate stouts I've had in a long time."
"One of the best chocolate porters I've sampled. Very well made and judicious use and combining of flavors puts this over the top. The experience was made all the more pleasant as I was cleaning my palate with pecan pie in between sips...a match made in valhalla."
"Pours a deep brown with white head. Very little lacing. Smells of chocolate and vanilla. The taste has some roasted malt, chocolate and vanilla. It almost tastes like a chocolate chip cookie, very sweet and delicious. Smooth mouthfeel. I would drink this anytime as a dessert beer, but I wouldn't want multiple of them in a row."
"330ml bottle courtesy of Adil. Thanks friend! Deep murky brown in colour with bronze hues and a sliver of bubbly white head. Not much lace. Smell and taste are vanilla, milk chocolate waffers, toasted nuts, cookie dough, cream, and a smoky, charred roast to end. Pretty straightforward, but I like it. Leans more toward a porter than a stout. Medium, spicy mouthfeel, a bit light, though not watery, excellent coffee/oat chalkiness in the finish. Another BA said that you can't go wrong with chocolate beers, and this is case in point: it's unspectacular, yet so damn drinkable. There's a strong and enticing cocoa essence and the beer is remarkably balanced. A tasty, quaffable concoction. I'm now intrigued by what Meantime has to offer..."
"D: this is an appreciable stout. Very good stuff. As the name implies ""chocolate"" this is a real chocolate beer. A bit to sweet to drink a bunch"
"Notes: Not as chocolaty as the nose/name, but still a decent amount of chocolate flavor. Nice porter that is easy to drink and fairly balanced."
"Creamy thick black body with a slight tan head and lots of carbonation. The aroma is milk chocolatey, with very sweet caramels, almost sticky sweet, a bit like the Tia Maria liqueur. Initially very sweet flavours up front, lots more chocolate, with a gradual shift towards bitterness at the end. This is a bit too sweet for me, which makes it a bit hard going. It's certainly an interesting beer and is brilliantly crafted like all Meantime beers."
"In conclusion, this dark beer is a wonderful complement to the dessert, as an after dinner drink or merely for those self-indulgent momments by the fireplace."
"Overall, I'm impressed with this beer. I didn't really like their coffee porter, but this chocolate porter kicks booty."
"Chocolate is a good beer with good flavours. It is a nice beer to drink and holds up quite well. Unfortunately, it could do with a bit more flavour but it does a better job at the being a Chocolate Stout than Young's Double Chocolate Stout."
"Aggressive carbonation."
"D: A good beer that is decent as a sipping beer. But it's not fantastic and if you are willing to go up a few notches concerning ABV you can find way better chocolate stouts. But of course, this is just an English stout, far from the realm of imperial stouts."
"OVERALL: Pretty solid stout for sure, but the taste profile doesn't quite deliver the chocolate like the nose advertises. It could also be a bit darker in color and heavier on the palate as well. To be sure, I quite enjoyed this overall. It drank away very quickly."
"From a 300 ml bullet-shaped champagne-like bottle, this beer is utterly black with a thick tan head. The head is wonderfully stable and long-lived. Despite the warnings on the bottle to serve very chilled, I had the beer at slightly above cellar temperature. The aroma is enticing...immediately noticeable chocolate, accompanied by black roasted grain. There's a little malt, vanilla, and butter aromas as well. The butter isn't a diacetyl smell, but seems to go hand-in-hand with the chocolate - It also becomes more pronounced through the glass. The taste is surprisingly semi-dry and nicely bitter (I guess that I expected more sweetness). Fairly complex taste that centers on the chocolate malts and roasted/burnt grain. The mouthfeel is creamy, with a moderate carbonation and a medium fullness. It's not as thick as it could be. All in all, there's not much to dislike in this beer. It seems well put-together and is an interesting brew."
"D - A nice, interesting beer. Like the coffee porter it's something I'd drink on a semi-regular basis but 2 back to back would be too full on."
"330 ml bottle, bought at Peckham’s, Glasgow (£1.99). ABV is 6.5%. Nearly black opaque colour, dark brown / ruby in the highlights. Large tan head, does not last forever. Distinct aroma of chocolate / cocoa, also notes of roasted malts and vanilla. The flavour is quite smooth and sweet with a very moderate roasty bitterness, again with distinct notes of chocolate / cocoa and vanilla - a bit too much for me. Still a nice ""change of pace"" beer."
"Good aftertaste."
"D: Much more chocolate than Youngs to me, smell makes this beer suffer, but the taste does come through thoroughly and balanced. A nice beer to drink while watching the sun set as it says on the bottle."
"D: a medium-bodied and very flavoursome chocolate-porter, more delicious than the bottled version, yet so rounded and easy to quaff that it's actually 6.5% alc. strength is simply beyond belief..."
"My 700th review!!!"
"Overall - An excellent chocolate stout... well worth a try..."
"Other comments: Smells like a ""craft soda"" and tastes like a vanilla-spiked porter. The vanilla and root beer notes are a bit heavy in the nose. Worth a try, I guess... if you happen to stumble upon it."
"Pretty good stuff"
