review_text
""
"This could be an intriguing blend but I fear that I over-aged it, with a few years in the cellar. (Cork says REF BX 2010 but that might not be a date because I've had the bottle at least that long and I suspect longer.) Started with an attractive pour of a smokey amber color, translucent but not clear, with a surprising layer of fine cream head, and little sediment. Just a bit of basement wood-working shop in the nose, with caramel, toast, coffee. Flavor is of caramel of course but with bitterness close behind, and a lick of sourness somewhere in the chorus. Some apple and some of the pie spices to go with. Not that much of any of them, though, surely flattened by age. Still feels like a good cleansing drink, a bit thin, a bit of oil, but a pleasant feel. I hope it's not too much of a disservice to taste and old bottle, like dragging the model out of bed without hairdo and makeup, but there's character and uniqueness here, but I need a better example to judge on the execution."
"This beer is delicate and flavorful. As this is a particularly hard style for me to drink, let alone enjoy, I am particularly impressed. It does pair rather beautifully with a gruyere I have on hand, and I imagine it would work with other more delicate cheeses. A 750ml bottle is not going to be a problem, and I would drink it again."
"Cheers!"
""
"Beer is medium bodied with a moderate level of carbonation. Resultant mouthfeel is generally smooth and mildly crisp on the palate, very organized in procession."
"Not a bad Faro, it could use some more funkiness, as it is completely devoid of this character in the flavor. The sweetness is not too overwhelming here and I could almost see myself drinking this again, though it doesn't hold a candle to the 3 Fonteinen Faro."
"D: I'm not sure about this one. It's tasty and easy to drink, but it's a bit restrained and uninteresting. It's a bit on the sweet side and has quite an unusual composition of flavors (lots of malts and caramel) considering that it's a lambic. I would have liked more character and en edgier profile with less sweetness."
