review_text
""
""
""
""
""
"Pour is golden amber with a red ruby tint and a light tan tight head. Nose has a chewy sticky caramel malt front with a deep green apple skin behind and faint farmhouse spice to it. Taste is balanced, on the sweet side but not sugary, well attenuated. Sticky malt, caramel light, apple skin, sweet finish, light hop presence through the finish. Body is light, carbonation is very gentle, semi dry finish. Solid stuff and very drinkable."
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Medium body, slightly higher carbonation, sticky and bubbly on the tongue. This is pretty decent, but I've had better from Southampton before."
""
""
""
"golden/amber color. aroma consists of light bread, toasty, roasty, and also citrus. Smells of apple oranges come to mind when smelling. Medium hold, the head has about 2 inches of fold which always makes the beer look more presentable. It was pretty sour in my opinion. Cloudy/sediment on the bottom because of the yeast. There was also a hint of caramel malt and earthly yeasty smell. High carbonation. Smooth on the mouth feel. 6-8% alcohol, but a pretty strong armona and taste."
""
"750 ml bottle into tulip, no bottle dating. Cork was stuck and broke off, so I had to use a wine key to remove it haha. Pours slightly cloudy orange amber color with a nice 2 finger fairly dense khaki head with great retention that reduces to a nice cap that lingers. Small bits of lacing on the glass. Aromas of big grape, apple, biscuit, caramel, candi sugar, citrus peel, grass, and spiciness. Some nice and well balanced aromas; with good complexity. Taste of caramel, toasted malt, biscuit, apple, citrus, candi sugar, pepper, and yeast spiciness. Taste and aromas almost mirror each other. Lingering notes of caramel, biscuit, candi sugar, and spices on the finish for a bit. Medium-high carbonation and medium bodied; with a fairly creamy and very smooth mouthfeel. Very easy to drink. Alcohol is extremely well hidden, nothing but a slight warming after the finish. Overall an excellent biere de garde. Great balance and complexity. I definitely would like to try out more from this style."
"The aroma was rich and malty. Lots of caramel and light bready notes coming through almost immediatly, with a light punch of grain tucked in behind them and a light nose of peach poking up beyond that. The flavor was more of the same, light touches of peaches and apricots, perhaps a touch of fresh grassy notes that were sitting on top a nice bit lo light grain. Intresting touch of caramel on the initial sip that quickly mellowed out behind the light fruit notes, which combined with a long dry finish really helped push the malt profile to the forefront. Nice carbonation kept this one feeling lively throughout the session, with a medium bodied feel that was just heavy enough to coat the tongue. Easily a sessionable ale"
""
"I got a thick, tawny two fingers of head off of my initial pour, but they did not last long, disappearing in a wake of sticky lacing. Color was a deep amber with NE-quality clarity. More BUPGOO!! Nose was very malty/cereal/biscuity underlain with a good bit of must. It really smelled like old magazines in my Grummy's basement. Yow! Mouthfeel was was slightly viscous and I got a wild initial taste of childrens' cough medicine. That was not a negative, but instead a trip down memory lane. It was the slightly hot malt flavor that really sent me. Finish was a musty malty flavor that simply lingered well after the swallow. I cupped my hands and I could taste bliss. Come back, honey!"
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"On tap. Dark amber to light brown with a small white head that doesn't retain much. Aromas are lacking a little, but I get faint earth and barely sweetened maltiness. Flavors are earthy, with citrus rind fruitiness and bitterness at the back. Mouthfeel is relatively light and dry. I'd definitely try this one again."
"D: Overall, a nice combination of mouthfeel and taste makes the beer pretty nice overall. A pretty, easy drinking beer and a nice one to open the spring with."
"750ml bottles from 2008, Sly Fox offering. Enormous difference from the first and second pour, as the yeast from the bottom changes the beer's character significantly. First pour is a clear, dark amber. Big nose of caramel and butterscotch. Malty, faintly metallic flavor, a little spicy and grassy. Second pour is cloudy and the head has tiny little bubbles. Still alot of caramel on the nose, though more freshly-baked bread and yeast. Yeasty, spicy character, with a sweeping kick at the end, really earthy, pungent, and raw. Beautiful toward thre end of the bottle. I would almost like to shake up the whole bottle next time to get the yeast moving throughout."
"Mouthfeel felt rough. Good carb, medium body, but not creamy, more muddy. I wouldn't care to try this again unless it was a fresh bottle at the Publick House. Not my thing, and I love a good BdeG."
"Excellent farmhouse ale."
"D: Good drinkability. The abv seems perfectly manageable making this six pack worthy. Malty, sweet, dry and fruity makes for a very enjoyable downer."
"This is a very sweet version of the style with lots of malts and fruit which forces the dry earthiness to the back. Very complex and tasty."
"750ml bomber: This one pours a cloudy orange-dark golden color. There was a bit of an effervescent tan head on it that dropped away rather quickly. Nice aroma. Somewhat fruity, grassy and floral. A touch yeasty also. Very nice taste. A touch of tartness is up front. Not too heavy of a body. Caramel and fruit (apples and lemon) notes on the tongue. Just a touch of spices too. Very nice!"
"This one is nicely refreshing on a warm evening. Crisp and refreshing."
"On-tap at Tap and Table in Emmaus, PA for $5/tulip. The beer appeared a clear amber with no head. The first thing that struck me was the lack of carbonation, that might have been more of the bar's fault, but it really hampered this brew. Otherwise the malt is a light and dry toffee and bread flavor. The hops and yeast pop up in the background with bitter orange peel and funky farmhouse lemon. Despite the mouthfeel literally falling flat, this is a very respectable beer and worth a try."
"Still good and drinkable but just not alot going on. Slight diacetyl flavors with again that same muted malt that was in the aroma. Lacking fruit qualities and no hints of hop. Just not that great."
"Drinkability is great find my self enjoying this one more as the bottle goes buy. Complex interesting malty treat with a little musty funk what more could you ask for."
"D - Drinkability is good overall. This brew is not quite what I had in mind going into it. First, like the aroma, the flavor is a little underwhelming for the style. Having gotten over the ""Is it to style?"" hurdle, this is still a solid beer at face value. The flavors work well together. The alcohol works wonderfully to keep it warm and inviting sip after sip. Don't let the final score on this one fool you. It's good enough that I could see myself having this again and am actually pretty stoked I got try this one out for a first time."
"a little watery, to be honest. the thick aroma and subsequently hearty flavor deserve a tactile sensation with slightly more backbone. a fine brew...just give it a little more structure"
"pleasantly surpassed my expectations."
"My recommendation is to let this one sit for a year, and serve over 45 degrees ... it was more enjoyable as it warmed."
"D: Very tasty brew and interesting. 7.2% isn't too big but I think this bottle would be best split with another person."
"A wonderful beer with lots of aromas and taste floating around. I could use just a little more funk in the taste, but that's just a minor item after finishing the beer."
"Overall this is a good biere de garde but no aspect stands out as exceptional. Worth a shot."
"This is an enjoyable offering to sip but perhaps not as enjoyable as intended. A little bit choppy in its sourness and if not disjointed a little heavy at times."
"France hasn't contributed anywhere near as much to beer as it has to wine. Arguably its only contribution (overlooking the method Champagnoise) is the Biere de Garde, a sadly under-represented style that can offer complexity in subtlety like few others. Perhaps the reasons so few New Age brewers attempt the style is that very fact? It is terribly difficult to achieve complexity through subtlety. In any case, Southampton has succeeded."
"A very nice beer and one of the best I've had of the style. A great introduction to the Southampton line."
"Drinkability: Generally recommended, provided you're a fan of the style. I would certainly appreciate a slackened carbonation, but, otherwise, it's a tasty Bière de Garde."
"Pours a cloudy light orange color with a frothy one finger head. Smells of light fruits with plum fruits dominating nose. First sip is plums and other fruits mixing not well with the massive yeast favor. There is way too much carbonation here and too much yeast. I'm guessing it is bottle conditioned but too much sugar was used. I am not impressed."
"D- Not sessionable but If I had a bottle I would probably share it as this one did not appeal to me all that great. This had a great feel off the tap with a decent flavor, just is not my style."
"Fluffy and billowing head of meringue-like foam. It deflates slowly, leaving concentric rings, and has a slight luster on it's surface. Initial pour had 3 fingers of foam, and still had 1+ after 10 minutes. Color was ruddy orange, hazy with micro-sediment. Musty sweet grain aroma, with a nice complimentary apple/pear sweetness. Flavor had familiar elements of both Belgian Pale & Tripel, woven into a somewhat sweet farmhouse character. Slight oxidation was present, buttery bread with honey, mineral, tart apple, Belgian yeast. Prickly carbonation, with a tart apple snap."
"This poured a cloudy copper color with fluffy light tan head. It smelled like sweet fresh hay and bready yeast and earthy caramel, with some cream and oranges and oiled leather. It tasted like whole grain wheat and bready yeast, with some cashew and cream and leather, and a bit of citrus hops and sweet caramel. It was watery with moderate carbonation, and had a delicate sweet and sour aftertaste. Overall this was a great first impression for this style of beer! It smelled and tasted great, with very delicate and clean character. It was a little light in the body for my taste, but it still hid the alcohol well and was quite easy to drink. I loved this fresh, and the bottle suggests that it will improve with age. Wow!"
"D: Surprisingly, as it continues, it becomes more and more drinkable. However, the head itself does keep you from pouring it and drinking it within 5 minutes of each other."
"This is a pretty drinkable, if forgettable, Biere De Garde. Certainly worth the try."
"The taste is very sour at the start, then sweet on finish. Very lemony and citrus, some orange as well. Then a backlash of light hops come and over the top hops and over the top malts that comes at you like a tsunami with tons of caramel flavors. Incredibly sweet champagne taste, really sprizty at the end."
"My first offering from Southampton. Pours a nice golden orange, with a pleasing creamy head. The head is brief, but is easily coaxed back up with a bit of swirling. No lacing. Not a bad looking beer, not remarkable either. Smell is very malty, sweet. Taste is similar, fairly close to a Tripel, and moreso as the beer warms. Sweet, little to no hop presence, slightly warming alcohol. Initially mouthfeel seems a bit sharp or highly carbonated, but this diminishes quickly. A bit thin, a bit watery, but lends itself well to sizable droughts. It did not take long at all to kill this bottle, and while drinkability is fine, there was nothing that left me with the yearning to have another bottle any time soon."
"Drinkability is ok, just like most of the beer. After drinking the saison deluxe and the grand cru, I was pretty pumped to try this one. Those two beers amazed me, some of the best beers I've gotten to try in a good while. This one disappoints. It isn't a bad beer, it just does not wow."
"D- The sweetness was a bit overwhelming. Didn't like the flavor combination a whole lot. Would enjoy more of a focus on the fruit and less on the sweetness, maybe with more of a lighter toasted malt."
"3.9/5"
"Notes from 2/28/05"
"Maybe with age this beer will improve but I did not find anything unique about the brew. I was expecting some more funk from a farmhouse ale."
"This is a decent beer but it just seems a bit off to me. The smell is quite sweet, the taste is quite grainy. I'm not wild about the diacetyl that shows up here and there, either. It's ok, but I doubt I'd come back to it."
"D: It is a complex and tasty brew that was a joy to drink, however, it is more of a sipper than a session beer."
"D: A little tasty, goes down ok, not too filling, decent kick, good representation of style, it's a decent beer but it's certainly not one of the first Belgian beers that I would look for."
"Drinkability- Moderate"
"D- Decent beer overall but not as awesome as I thought it would be. Its a nice chance to try another biere de garde though. 7% is barely detectable. Wouldn't mind having this again."
"D: Not bad. Another tasty treat from the boys in NY."
"Bottle from Capone's in Norristown, PA, driven across the country and popped tonight in CA. Pours a reddish brown, slightly cloudy, foams up largely (a bit of an overflow, actually because I wasn't paying close attention!) with a big white head. Smells mildly spiced, sweetly malty, with grassy hops and coriander. Taste is a growing effervescent malt with a nice grainy coriander flavor. Hops are spicy on the back end, along with a tart ghost of alcohol. Creamy, slightly cottony mouthfeel, feels big for the style. Drinks easily and tastes good, though i think that it doesn't have much to set it apart from others of the style."
"In all, a fine beer, easy to drink, good for sipping, even when you don't. Best of all, for me, its a good beer to toss in the cellar and enjoy...whenever the hell ya feel like it."
"D: Now that I've down one of these right off the rack, it's time to pick up another and cellar to see if I can get more flavor out of Southampton."
"Recieved in a trade with gregc. Huge frothy head that lasted a fair amount of time. Lots of belgian lace. A light copper colored beer. Armoma of malt and belgian yeast. Aroma doesn't do a whole lot to the beer but the flavor was wonderful. Very malty with good sugar carmelazation and a toasted malt taste, mild hop bitterness, a very well balanced and drinkable beer. This beer has a complex crisp toasty malt flavor. My first taste of a Southampton beer, I'm looking forward to trying more in the future."
"Pours deep amber with a torrent of carbonation and a vast fluffy head. The aroma is sour and musty, with strong malt. The flavor is powerful, malty with sour and bitter character, suggesting leather and earth. There is a hint of spiced pear on the finish. The mouthfeel is rich and assertive. This is a delicious beer, but rather overwhelming."
"A nicely carbonated beer, Southampton's Biere de Garde is mild, mellow, very tasty and highly drinkable."
"Tartness in the flavor again. Pretty much a repeat of the aroma with the toasty grain and the light fruitiness. Medium bodied with decent carbonation. The light tart fruit flavors linger for a while."
"Pours a rich amber with a light white head. Smell is bright, fruity and sweet breadiness. Taste is sweet, aged, fruity and very bready again, without much spice coming through for me. Still, pretty tasty."
"I am somewhat disappointed as I was sort of hoping this Biere would blow me away since I have heard such good things about this brewery. It is still damn good and supremely drinkable, just not the masterpiece I had built up in my head. Expect a good Biere de Garde and you won't be disappointed."
"750ml bottle (thanks Dyan) with a best by date of 11/2012 which is still a ways off . I'd save it but I'm sure everyone will be drinking vertical epic all year in 2012 anyway. This beer gave a nice pop when the cork flew out and it began to foam immediately but I was able to subdue the unruly bastard with a snifter. Nice orange-brown haze with an off-white foamy pillow. The smell was real nice, malt, honey, caramel. The taste, hmmm... I'd say there is a slight caramel flavor, maybe some hops hiding out but this is very subtle, or my palate sucks). This is actually pretty enjoyable to drink. I'm really not qualified to say whether this is a good example of the style but it is a good beer."
"Lacking complexity and heavy on the malt."
"D - Not bad, just not as complex or enjoyable as the other belgian/farmhouse styles I have tried by Southhampton."
"I poured this into a tulip glass. It was a really active and unruly beer, but once it settled down, it was an amber color with a thick off-white head that dissipated quickly. It had a fruity, sweet aroma. Alcohol was noticeable. It tasted fruity and yeasty. Quite bubbly in the mouth. Good example of its style."
"Pours a beautifuol glowing orange with a touch of haze and a very full white head that settles to a ring. Relatively sweet smell for the style and very fruity with pineapple, wildflower honey, and cream. Delicious, with some of those same fruit notes as well as some coconut notes, beeswax, and a touch of white pepper. I really like this even though it is still a touch sweet for the style. Mostly crisp and peppery in the mouth, but the finish is creamier. Just a delight to drink. Pretty much anything in abomber from these guys is great."
"Works well as an introduction to the style, and as something to search out if you like the style. Definitely in the upper range on malt, which is really what I nick the drinkability score for, and the aroma, while nice, is kinda restrained. Give it a shot."
"My pint was poured with minimal head, but was still covered by a fine, off-white layer of foam that showed good retention and produced some streaky lacing. The beer itself was a clear gold colour. Mild aroma overall, a combination of fruit and a bit of citrus plus grainy malt and grass. Mild bitterness, balanced towards malty sweetness with cereal notes and light fruit character. A bit grassy and citrusy, with peppery/spicy alcohol appearing towards the finish. Medium bodied with fine, nearly crisp carbonation. Good texture. I liked the balance of flavours and thought it made for a tasty pint."
"Recommended..."
"Nose is nicely spicy, definitely caramel jumps out immediately. Fine bubbles convey an interesting take on a saison-style, deeply caramelized fruitiness domintaing over the herbal/spice notes. Pears, apricot, cloves. It is certainly delicious but different than I expected...I would liek to try more bieres de garde to compare."
"I have only had a handfull of this style of beer so I grabbed one today,poured into an oversized wine glass a russett color with a deep orange hue to it a thick foamy that left globs of lace behind head atop.Toastrd grain aromas along with hints of pear and vanilla and very slight clove,wow this has a prickly feel to it not a fan of that,flavors are nice with some wet grain element to it with lingering spice and caramelized pear.Its a pretty good beer but that mouthfeel takes away alot from the flavor aspect and takes away a bit from the drinkability"
"Very clean, spicy, and efforvescent. Perhaps a bit too clean. The beer gives a very dry, airy, crisp maltiness not to be outdone by the esters and phenols. Fruitiness of peaches, pears, and appricots give a welcome sweetness to the acidity. The phenolics play a bit like plastics and spicy cloves. Somewhat vineous. Not as funky or musty as I like in the style, but takes on a more Saison style with a hearty, toasted malt flavor. Very prickly on the toung and evaporates quickly. Light and refreshing throughout."
"D, notes: A good sessionable bier de garde - one of my favorite styles."
"D: very drinkable"
"(original date of review- 3/2/08)"
"Drinkability: Good drinkability if you can forget the metallic aroma!"
"Overall: Thanks to HimerMan for another good one. I liked this beer. Southampton hasnt let me down yet."
"Poured from a 750 series bottle which exploded with foam when I opened it, and continued gushing slowly for about 10 minutes. The beer was copper brown colored, slightly hazy, with thick and dry looking foam, clumps of which stuck to the glass. The aroma was mostly toasted malts, and honestly it grew on me over the course of a few glasses. Not really complex, but a nice study in malt flavoring. Medium mouthfeel, easy to drink, not incredibly challenging for the palate but nice anyway."
"Copper colored beer with nice two finger head that relents to a significant lacing. The beer smells intensely malty to an extent that overpowers anything else. The taste is also intensely malty with very pleasant caramelization, a mild hop bitterness and hop flavor is slightly detectable. This beer has a complex crisp toasty malt flavor. My first impression was that it seemed overpoweringly malty but my I recently gave it another try and I appreciated the complex nature of the caramelized malts much more. Perhaps the second bottle was better kept and/or served colder, which helped subdue the sweetness from the malt and help me appreciate the complex flavor profile. This beer has a crisp medium body and beer goes down well, presenting different characteristics with each sip. Good beer."
"Pours a textbook amber color with a righteous full finger foamy eggshell colored head that resists fading. The smell is incredible; malty, lightly toasted, sweet and fruity...now ""do that""!!!! Well carbonated, the mouth feel is full and incredibly vibrant. Effervescent yet grounded in an earthy malt texture. WOW! The complexity is kicked-up 'notches'_seriously worth your consideration.. especially if you can find it over the holidays. Full flavored, the earthy amber malt over heavens of carbonated creaminess delivers the goods baby! Highly Recommended! Cheers."
"A really fantastic beer, one I'll be picking up again in the near future"
"When I named the best American practitioners of Belgian-style ales in my review of The Lost Abbey's Red Barn Ale last month, I neglected to mention Phil Markowski. His Grand Cru and Saison Deluxe are some of the best I've had from this country. Biere de Garde, while good, isn't anywhere near that special. I'm willing to chalk it up to batch variation and will buy another '750' if I get the chance."
"750 ml bottle. No bottling date, but I've had it for about a year (maybe a little more)."
"Bottle: Poured a deep orangey color ale with a big nice foamy head with some good retention but minimal lacing. Aroma of spices which may come from the yeast strain that was used with some noticeable malt leaning toward more dry flavour then sweetness. Taste is also dominated by some peppery notes with a nice malt presence with some subtle sweet notes. Body is quite full with some great carbonation. Interesting and very good overall but it just seems that something is missing."
"Extraordinarily refreshing on a hot September afternoon."
"The flavor seems a little nondescript, but maybe others are more inspiring. Not my favorite from Southampton. Would be easy to pair a meal with this as it would be unlikely to offend."
"Got in a trade with johnnnniee - many thanks! Poured from a 750ml corked and caged bottle into my DT snifter. Back label had a brief story on beer. It was a copper color with tons of carb and a little bit of floating yeast. It had a massive off-white head that settled into a thick collar and film. A little lacing. The aroma was musty with dark fruits and sugary alcohol. Kinda smelled like a lighter Belgian Strong Dark Ale. Was expected it to be more like a saison so was disappointed. The taste was fruity, a little bready and a bit too much alcohol. A bit on the bland side. The mouthfeel was good but any more carb would have been bad. Overall, it's a good beer but not my style. (3.5, RB, Y, O)"
"This is a rich, complex ale that is made to be savored, not drunk with haste. Well done, enjoyable and worth seeking out if you are a fan of the style. Very authentic for US brewery, but then again, Phil wrote the book!"
"This is my second Southampton beer and my first from the 750 series. I can't hardly wait to try the others I picked up. A very solid enjoyable Biere de Garde."
"Mouthfeel is medium bodied and a bit slick, with the beer leaving a bit of a coating on my tongue. This actually helps to give this a bit of a long finish. Drinkability is really damn good. Give me a few more bottles of this and you'll make my day."
"The beer pours a dark gold/amber color with a thick frothy offwhite head that slowly fades to lacing. The aroma is good. It has a nice pale and crystal malt scent along with a bit of bisquit malt and a fruity yeast aroma. It seems to have a nice toasted feel. The taste is good as well. It has a really smooth toasted flavor with a yeasty finish. It's a bit sweet and bisquity, which blends well and creates an excellent balance. The mouthfeel is fine. It is a full bodied beer with adequate carbonation. This is a great drinking beer. It's loaded with malt flavor and has just enough fruit esters to round it out; a wondeful session beer even at 7.2%."
"Drinkability quite good, tasty and easy drinking."
"drinkability: pretty good"
"Nicely done - sweet, but not overly so. Delicious ""sipper"". A good American-made Biere de Garde."
"The fragrance of the ale was deeply malty with elements of hops and toast. The following taste was immense with malt, chocolate, black coffee bitterness, and a twist of hops. I really enjoyed this and regretted not having more to call my own. Yes, I played with it, and thought about what could make this even better or what cheese I could pair it with."
"Cellared this for well over a year. The buttery malt still kicks strong as well as the carbonation. Any hoppy presence is gone."
"Large Belgian style bottle, caged and corked, w/o freshness/vintage/bottling info. Pours cloudy slightly orangey medium amber, seems to be fairly high carbonation, with an active head upon a moderate pour and bubbles continuing to rise pretty actively. Long lasting medium bubble head, dissolving to a ¼ inch fluffy film and leaving frothy gobs of thick blotchy bits of lacing. Clumps of yeasties noted on the bottom of the bottle. Nose is softly of honey and vanilla and perhaps a bit of soap. Aggressive brew with notes of more vanilla, light pepper, spicy honey and yeasty goodness. Complex and tasty, great with the salad and shrimps that I tried with it. Quality creation, nice job in brewing one of the more interesting and intriguing style out there. Go get some and enjoy it with all kinds of food."
"Thanks again to Alex for this excellent ""bonus""."
"Drinkability - yes, I could have had another bottle, but why? I know, I know, I'm getting spoiled by too many excellent brews. Believe me, I'd have a couple of these over BMC, but is that the standard? I don't think so. Looking forward to more great Southampton brews in the future."
"A side note.... I have had a few bottles of Southampton's corked beers that were infected/corked/not stored correctly. Perhaps this is another one of those bottles. I'll have to revisit this if my next bottle it different."
"Pours a surprisingly clear amber, with a fluffy, sticky, voluminous, lace-leaving head of slightly off-white. On the nose there's some slight funk, along with a huge buttery note that dominates the proceedings. In the background there are some bits that remind me of some kind toasty, caramelized baked treat. On the palate, very sharp carbonation and bitterness off the bat, with some herbal, fennellish notes and citric acidity at the mid-palate. Full, rounded flavors and huge carbonation make this quite true to style. Excellent."
"go get some if you like phil's saisons, you will not be disappointed."
