review_text
""
""
""
""
""
"Overall / Drinkability: A very nice beer on a hot day. Went great with Indian food (Aloo Choley). Very drinkable. I could easily have helped the Mrs. polish off another bottle and now wish I had another bottle. Everything combined makes this a great beer, but I think it helps to have a bit of a sweet tooth with this beer."
""
"O: This beer is very easy to drink, especially given its lighter body. It isn't quite interesting enough to drink on its own but I would definitely consider pairing this with food."
""
""
"Looked good in the bottle, looked good in the glass, smelled promising.. Good up until I actually sipped it. What a let down. This one is a miss. Average at best."
""
""
"O- I liked this a lot. It is highly drinkable and quite refreshing. What i liked most is that it feels incredibly delicate on your mouth"
"Drinkability & Final Thoughts: A very drinkable beer which showcases well, if not extraordinarily, the basic elements of French-style bière de garde. There is enough complexity to the flavor and mouthfeel to warrant a thoughtul sipping, but it is also fresh and simple enough to drink more quickly along with or after a meal. At just over $5 for the 750 I'd have no reservations buying one again. I'd like to come across a fresher bottle and also perhaps store a couple for another year or two to see how they develop."
"Alcohol is hidden, but this reminds me too much of corn pizza. Meh."
"I liked the sweet aftertaste and its sour start, it just failed in the body fullness for me, but overall, OK."
"A different take of a Biere de Garde and one I likely will not revisit."
"Drinkability is pretty good, it's pretty light and smooth, altough the flavor of the esters isn't my favorite, I'm just not a huge fan of those orange dominant french yeasts, a la Jenlain or Thiriez. Still, it has garded remarkably well, and softened some of it warmed an my pallate adjusted, making it a pretty nice little desert beer, without the usual strong sweetness. By the end, I really warmed up to it. Also, like Jenlain, La Choulette bieres are a bargain price compared to many of their counterparts."
"La Choulette Blonde is a very strange biere de garde. I've never had a beer with so many cider qualities. As a matter of fact if I was blindfolded I would think this was a cider. It's decent enough to drink but just doesn't follow along the lines of what I want in this fairly open style of beer."
"An interesting brew in its own way. Something sharp about it makes it a slow sipper."
"My first bier de garde was jolly pumpkin's golden ale...it was full of sour wonderfulness and i wanted more...i tried la choulette and i didnt get that same sourness..dont get me wrong this is a good beer indeed...it had a bit of funk to it...was it too old? can someone reccomend something delicicous with some good sourness?"
"Caged and corked, best before dating on front label, but if I can figure it out it looks like this is 2 years past its due date....any way it seems to be fresh and in good shape so I will continue. Pours light, golden and clear, minor off white head and pretty standard lacing. Powdered sugar nose, then notes of ripe fruit, pepper, white wine, earthy and then a fairly sour finish. Complex, refreshing and generally interesting stuff. Went well with the spicy jambalaya we had for supper. Worth a try."
"Drinkability : a very good beer in the French style ""bière de garde"""
"Drinkability: Although this bottle is best before 12/05, I think it has benefited from the age, as I wasn't prepared to like it as much as I have, given the other reviews; the oxidation has brought out some very interesting flavors"
"Very lightly puckering yeast and citric combination, smooth, medium body. Pepper in the finish. A little thin, but the alcohol is nonetheless well hidden at 7.5%. Good for an any-meal sipper, and cuisine de biere."
"the aroma unpacks some great malt scents along with some citrus and some luscious floral and fruit charateristics. and a touch of cinnamon and minty hop. the flavors drive home everything asserted by the nose. the european malts form the base and support some slight fruity element. noticeable but tasteful bitterness. it's not a dynamic brew and, despite the decent carbonation, is a little on the thick side...especially as i appreciate the style"
"Nice white foam upon a golden and quiet clear beer. Nose is sicy and has insense note to it. Quiet some sweet applejuice and hint of sourness complete the complex nose. Taste is strong alcoholic aplejuice and hint of gember with moderate low bitterness. Quiet drinkable and enjoyable brew IMO"
"Bottle from the Blue Max in Bloomington, MN."
"Finely hazed pale gold appearance with a bright white head of about 1/2 an inch in height. Fairly simple ring lacing. Tart lemony aroma, suggestions of definite damp wood and muskiness. Medium mouthfeel, high carbonation. Fairly well-balanced approach, some yeastiness, dried straw, and medium citrus astringency, just held back by a countering malt sweetness that's a little non-descript except for a very bare caramelization and baked apple. The finish has a hard-to-pin-down fade to it, reminds me a little of soda water with a squeeze of bottled lemon concentrate. Not bad, nice aroma, not that distinctive."
"I didnt have all that high of expectations of this beer just from looking at other reviews but I really ejoyed this offering.Poured into a oversized wine glass a dull medium gold with a well formed white head that left sheets of lace behind,very interesting and complex aromas I picked up some spiced green apple -like notes, brown sugar and even a hint of wood thrown in.Again very pleasantly suprised by the flavors and even more so the complexity of this country ale a real spiced flavor like clove and cinnamon not strong but to be its the backbone of this beer some green apple light tartness and brown sugar sweetness rounds out this very nicely.A little filling but thuroghly enjoyable and I would bet extremely food friendly,it ages extremely well mine was ""best enjoyed by 12-05"" .Iam diggin the French country ales and will continue to seek them out."
"750 ml corked and caged bottle pours a cloudy orange amber color with a fluffy white head that leaves some lacing in my glass. Musty funky grape aromas, funky, fruity and spicy pepper flavors, I think I taste horseradish. Medium bodied with a nice crisp mouthfeel, kind of wine like, very dry."
"A fair offering, though I prefer Sans Culottes. Pours out to a warm golden yellow hue that is slightly hazed. Small head of white foam calms to a thin layer of bubbles over the head of the beer. Lots of lace. Medium level of carbonation. Aroma smells like buttered popcorn and malt, with a touch fo meaty grain notes. Nice. Taste fair; buttery malt, sweet grains, earthy hues, some flowery notes and notions of yeast strains swirl about. Better when warmed to about 50 degrees or so. Mouthfeel was fine, slightly smooth and bubbly. Drinkability is average. Not bad. Worth trying. I just recommend that you have it at a warmer temp. than most beers."
"As far as drinkability goes, this was a huge disappointment. In fact, I dumped the last third of my glass. Far too honey-sweet and lacking the breadth of character to be anything better than mediocre. Boring and lackluster; I feel seriously ripped off having paid as much as I did. Avoid; I know I will from now on."
"750ml bottle with Dec 05 date on it. Body appears a cloudy golden color with a rapid forming tall foamy white head. Pretty interesting aroma with some light farmy notes and sweet fruits such as pears. Also notes of grain were mixed in. Taste starts with some fruit before the farmy yeast notes come through. Some spiciness peaks in over earthy notes. Some interesting wine like flavors seemed to mix in at times. Finishes up with a spicy sweet flavor. Interesting enough overall to keep you sipping. Good carbonation and crisp feel to it. Easy enough drinking but I doubt I would have more after the 750. Solid brew."
"Hazy light orange with a head plump in size and eloquent in its lacing and texture. Aroma is fairly well balanced between the malt (caramel, bread), hops (herbs) and yeast (barnyard funk) along with a touch of honey, hay, pear skins and peach. In the flavor, the first that strikes me is its resemblence to Affligem Triple in its sweet malt and yeast contribution. It’s a bit sweet overall, but it does have a unique rustic character that I enjoy. Notes of honey, light fruits and sugar covered rock candy (pineapple flavored). A pretty good beer that I definately enjoyed."
"First impression was of a lager... then quickly it moves into a smooth and creamy apple juice-like flavor on the swallow. Decently complex... not overly so. A nice sweetness on the backend makes this quite enjoyable. I wouldn't rank it a top Saison, not really even close... but easily a very drinkable beer."
"All in all, La Choulette blond is an interesting and enjoyable beer which has a lot going on. In its 750ml bottle format I would recommend it to share with a few friends, as its acidity and relatively high alcohol content limits its solo-drinkability factor."
"Poured a deep amber to a delicate white head with a slight cloudyness. Smell almost resembles tamarind, spicy and fragrant, quite a bouquet. Tastes just as it smells, spicy with an aftertaste that resembles tamarind, very complex with no offensive undertones. Very little carbonation and an aromatic finish make this a very nice christmas beer."
"A gorgeous biere de garde with a multitude of aroma and a variety of flavors in each bottle. Fascinating to age and a supreme value for the price conscious. Huge thank you to the three gentlemen who introduced me to this beauty - I only thought the Ambree existed."
"The taste is very nice, definetly a malt expierience, bread like, plum and a warming alcohol presence."
"I'm trying to figure out how they stuff so much beer into this little bottle. First impression is fluffyness, and malt, caramel malt, caramel coated oat rings on a bed of beet greens. There is an odd, distracting, seemingly industrial mix of bitter saccharine that wants you to ignore the rural reduction that flows so easily. Free yourself and embrace it."
"D: Dangerously drinkable!"
"Cork pops out gently after chilling bottle for several weeks. Pours clear golden. Head develops that overflows the glass. Aroma is sour with some grassy and musty earthy odors. First sip reveals some straw flavor with a little sourness. A small hint of bitterness but very subtle. Mouthfeel is thin. A bit heavier taste than other biere de gardes I tried. Musty flavors with some earthiness. A lot of flavors going on here. They don't all blend together especially well. Refreshing on the palate and fairly drinkable."
"Here (on this site) it's designated a saison, though the label says ""biere de garde artisanale"". Call it what you want. Seems too syrupy and flowery to call it a saison. Whatever it is, it's pretty tasty, although the too apparent alcohol diminishes my enjoyment."
"750 ml bottle corked and bailed. Best before end 05 on label."
"recomend it."
"Poured a partly cloudy, golden orange...medium white head. The nose was ripe with honey, caramel and fresh apricot sweetness. Taste was sweeter than anticiapted and gets sweeter as the sip progresses. Sticky finish. Medium bodied. Mostly lively mouthfeel that leans towards a creamy finish. Long lingering sweetness. I enjoyed it however, the hot weather combined with the sticky sweetness just made me crave a light wheat beer. Decent nonetheless."
"Drinkability - the price is right on this one - it's light...but i think that i would tire of its relatively uneventful taste after another glass..."
"Rich gold in colour with a fair bit of carbonation. Great aromas of toasted malt, and soft fruit (peaches perhaps). Flavor wise, it has a nice malty sweetness, along with additional notes of citrus fruit and spices. It’s quite heavy in the mouth with a warming finish. A little too much alcohol flavor in this one for me, but it's still pretty good stuff."
"It's ok, dog"
"Bottle: Poured a cloudy dark yellow color ale with nice big head with better then average retention. Aroma is quite floral but does not seem to contain any spices, as I would have expected. Taste is quite refreshing with some nice floral malt and lingering bitterness at the end. Body is a bit thin for a ‘’biere de garde’’ and this generally lack some punch to be truly remarkable."
"Might work as an after dinner quaff for its ability to warm you up and settle you down, but still just not right somehow."
"Abundant lasting yeasty foam on top of yellow golden. Some floral and yeast and alcohol smell. Taste is so-so, like a Belgian blonde style, with some yeast substance. Light spice with black pepper, in fact there were a couple of granuals. Did not finish."
"Pours a clear deep yellow colour, with a white fizzy head. Small amount of lacing, and moderate carbonation. Some fruitiness, a bit smokey and strong on the malt flavour. Sweet, balanced by a dry bitterness after sip. Warming alcohol. Taste grew on me as I finished the beer. Had some flavours that didn't quite mesh."
"330ml bottle. A golden slightly hazed ale with a moderate rocky cap. Light lacing. soft coabonation. Aroma is sweet but has musty alcohol tones like a smoked malt whisky. Good malt spine, silky mouth feel... toned back hops..sweet with fruity tones like peach or apricot in sweet cream...finish is wet with a musty, earthy decernment... interesting ale..very gentle and warming"
"330 mL brown bottle, best before date on the bottom of the front label."
"Pours a one-finger white head that goes slowly leaving a good lace. Cloudy pale amber color. Light-medium carbonation and medium bodied. Sweet muscatel nose. Starts crisp but sweet and finishes with a kind of sweet and sour flavor. $5.95 for a 750ml bottle from Colonial Spirits Acton, MA."
"Next day: its tight. Delicious and unforgiven -- this is a white wine-beer. Drink it cold, with shellfish, on the street, dipped in mustard."
"Taste: huge citrus on the palate right away, yeasty, full citric quality. Medium body, nice finish, good-enough texture. I can dig this brew, though it doesn't wow me, nor is it designed to...these are meant to be simple, table beers, if I've got it right, and it matches that description ably. A nice thing to whet the whistle and wash down dinner, a good thing to pass down the gullet easily, if it's affordable."
"Kind of a glowing golden orange appearance. Slightly chill hazed. A fair and bubbly white head adorns the surface. Retention is moderate and lacing is intricate. Streams of bubbles rise at a moderate clip to the surface from the bottom of the glass. The aroma is spicy and sweet...doughy and musty. Pretty nice. The flavor is quite earthy and elemental. Some fruity ester like qualities surrface soon enough. A bit of lemon is detected and unrefined hop notes as well. Maybe a little mettalic character too. Lively mouthfeel with a body checking in around medium. Better than average, but I've had better Biere de Gardes."
"Leaving the large amount of chunky yeast at the bottom of the bottle, this one pours a mostly clear orangish-gold with a thin and tightly-knit white head. The aroma is malty sweet, with a hefty dose of fruit, most notably peaches. There's a bit of spiciness, along with a slight medicinal phenolic note. Some barnyard yeast as well. The flavor starts out quite sweet, before a peppery spiciness takes hold and attempts, but fails, to keep the honey-like sweetness in check. Like in the aroma, there's some barnyard yeast and musty farmhouse character, but it really gets mauled by the near-cloying sweetness. More medicinal phenolics. Fairly thin on the palate, with a slighty dry finish that has a touch of alcohol both in mouthfeel and flavor. I also detect a hint of a white grape peel flavor and astringency in the aftertaste. Despite the four or five main flavor components, this brew comes as across as thin, lacking in complexity, and overly sweet. Quite the lackluster example of the Bière de Garde style."
"Blonde in colour, with initially big pillowy head, which fades quite quickly, mine had heaps of sediment floating around in it. Kind of sticky malt flavour and not overly flavourfull, slight floral bitter finish, but as i said a bit too sticky."
