review_text
""
""
""
"I really, really like this. As a beire de garde this should keep well. I only purchased the one bottle, now I am hoping I can lay in a few more. I could drink this anytime"
""
""
""
""
""
"While I wish I'd picked up one of this artisanal brewery's amber ales instead, the blonde still has a low and subtle wildness/funk that keeps you from mistaking the beer for a middling pilsner."
""
""
""
"It is definitely a good thirst quencher on a warm summer evening, but there are other refreshing beers available for a few dollars less."
""
"Drinkability : a good beer in the French style ""Bière de garde""."
""
"Pours a nice bright golden amber color. Pretty clear, but I can see a lot of floaties in the bottle. Big off-white head. Good retention and lacing. Aroma is full of sweet pale grain flavor. Lots of fruit. Pears, apples, grapes, apricots, dates. Mild herbal, grassy hops. A faint medicinal note. Just tons of pilsner malt favor. Taste is similar. It starts sweet with that fresh, pale malt flavor but finishes dry with some funk and mild hop bitterness. More light fruitiness, big pear note particularly. Some musty apple/grape skin flavor and feel. Feel is light but full. There's some prickly carbonation but it's generally quite smooth due to the full body. Very easy to drink. Goes well with some soft goat cheese. Fun to find a nice example of the style."
""
"O: This beer is very easy to drink, partly because it isn't as malty or earthy compared to other beers in the style. It would pair very well with French cuisine."
""
""
"Bottle courtesy of Huhzubendah. Served in a taster glass. Pours a clear golden color with a nice white head. The nose starts out with some grain and a bit of yeast, but is then somewhat overtaken by skunked hops. Very unfortunate. Flavor is similarly skunked, but to an even greater level. Light-medium body and high carbonation. Ugh, another victim of the green bottle."
""
""
""
""
""
"Pours a pretty clear golden color. Smell was slightly floral, sweet, kind of like champagne. Taste was close to a saison, but not as grainy. Had a little bit of a fruity backend and a mildly sweet beginning. Bubbly feel was nice. Overall a good, pretty affordable Biere de Garde, but I wouldn't say it's definitive for the style."
"While it's easy to read too much of the saison style into this beer, its fuller impressions and malt-forward demeanor gives this beer a juicy malt profile and refined mellow taste. This beer is a very rewarding and round version of the style."
""
"O: Nice to see a 750 under $10, and this biere de garde is quite good. Complex, not as good as Jenlain Ambree, but few are. Good stuff, it really is a nice beer."
"This is just lacking a slight bit to make it really good. Still a very enjoyable biere de garde with some nice dryness on the end"
""
""
""
"O/D-A pleasant, albeit unmemorable beer from a foreign land. For $3 at a discount, I am happy to have tried it. Nothing crazy but tastes alright."
"Whether labeled a saison or a bière de garde, the fact remains that this is, as the late Michael Jackson wrote, where France meets Belgium. While it needs some improvements (no green glass please!), there's no sense offering this beer in anything less than the 750ml bottle; it is the ideal thing to share amongst friends or guests, especially where things like cheese or crackers are served, and is a delightful accompaniment to a relaxing weekend afternoon."
"O- to me drinks like a tasty saison,very easy to drink the whole bottle on a warm summer day like today"
"D&O: The drinkability was very good with a good balance. A nice easy drinking and refreshing brew."
"The beer pours a clear golden color with a big white rocky cap of foam. A nice mixture in the aroma of orchard fruit, earth and yeast--almost a little nutty. Light on the palate. Pale malt, fresh crisp fruit on the palate. It finishes with some earth tones. A solid fresh beer."
"Bottle: Poured a hazy light yellow color ale with a super large foamy head with good retention and good lacing. Aroma of light funky notes with solid medium sweet malt backbone. Taste is also sweeter then I would have expected with good notes of light barnyard yeast. Body is quite full with great bottle conditioning and great carbonation with no apparent alcohol. Well brewed thought maybe a tad too sweet for my taste."
"Hazy yellowish copper in color. Thick, white, foamy head with lively carbonation. Aroma is spicy and fruity; plenty of yeast character here but with sweet estery character. The flavor doesn't pop quite so much, but it is nice and malty with again a nice hint of fruitiness. Pretty good mouthfeel, low to medium body but quite dry tasting. Pretty smooth drinking overall."
"Pours a blonde color with a great head and some lace. The aroma is a touch funky but that fades in seconds. There is some honey and mild breadiness with a graininess and some subtle floral notes. As it warms alfalfa is a pretty strong character of the aroma as well. The flavor is dry and spicy with some earthiness and grassiness with bits of fruitiness and mild hoppiness sneak in. It's got that baguette and honey sweet maltiness that I love in Biere de Garde but that character seems fairly intensified in this one."
"The beer of the without pants! Nice lemony color, very much like a good saison, with a fluffy, puffy head. A subdued amount of clover and other flowery fragrances hovers over the glass; there's a bit of clove and some... pepper? Whatever it is, it's absolutely inviting. An equally flowery yet subdued flavor, somewhat malty but not overly so, with a rounded swipe of pilsneresque hops at the very end. There's a bit of breadiness and grass in the glass as well. For a 7% beer this does not overpower or cause undue wobble, nor does it warm as it slithers its way down the gut. It's refreshing and delightful and I want another."
"Drinkable to a point, but the slightly high ABV and big bottle will catch up fast if you're drinking alone."
"D: Easy to drink, though after finishing my glass, I was ready for something a bit more interesting."
"D - Two thumbs up! More than drinkable any time of year and food friendly, I'm sure."
"Light aroma of fruit and malt. Sharp grainy grass and pepper cuts in during the finish. Tasty, and very enjoyable this ending summer day. Good beer for $8 a bottle."
"75cl bottle with a BBD of 10/30/09. Pours a cloudy orange gold with a medium, but substantial, off white head. Very nice staying power and lacing. Smells of sweet straw, oranges and light fruit, and some honey. Quite floral. Very sweet flavors of grain and apple. Again floral, almost perfume-like. Lightly spicy, and with some bitterness in the finish. Medium body. Spot on for a bière de garde."
"I really enjoy a Biere de Garde with a meal or by itself,a vastly underrated style in my humble opinion.This poured into an oversized wine glass a rich full golden with just a hint of orange hue,a clingy near creamy-like white head atop.Aromas of wet grain and some mineral,and slightly sweet dough.Flavors have a big pilsner malt bready quality that alot of the style do,some semi sweet toffee and light white pepper spice round out the finish.I like it,a beer to savor and enjoy,very nice."
"The body is medium bordering on full with relaxed carbonation, a thick (not as thick as Belzebuth) mouth feel and a great satisfying finish."
"Overall, this is a great example of the style in every department. I found it to be very enjoyable, but subtle in the complexities. Good stuff, and definitely recommend for fans of the style."
"still some sweet cloying characters and phenols that cut down on drinkability for me."
"Drinkability is pretty good, nice taste and goes down easily, and not a bad price either IIRC. Still, it's on the thicker, more full-flavored side, and started out rather rough, but was so pleasant by the end, I can't think of another beer that turned around so dramatically as I acclimated. Nevertheless, I should try one fresh, these pale BdGs can be good with food if they're not too sweet and sharp."
"d: Interesting, I need to explore this style further. This is my second example of the style and it was very different from the first."
"Pours bright, pilsner like light amber with some sunshine touches. Nice had at first, the recedes to champagne film and ok lacing. The aroma is lots of green apple peels. Very herbal scents. Some honey becomes prevalent as the beer warms though. The taste is a little cidery. Lots of apples and herbs. Dry, pie baking herbs. At least, thats the first thing that comes to mind. This beers starts to get a bit metallic as it warms though. I liked the apple flavors, but the warmer it gets, the more the apples fade. The palate is Fantly fruity with some dried fruit and a metallic finish."
"Palate is extremely creamy body, soft ripe fruit & cheese, tart apples, light hops, and again just very creamy & smooth."
"Pours a clear straw yellow, light bit of haze, thin white head forms, drops to a thin ring, not much lacing. Smell is nice, sweet and sugary, dry toast middle, strawberries, quite grainy, bran cereal, oats, different take but neat. Taste is similar, bran, vanilla/brown sugar, toast, quite malty, some spice, honey, nice finish. Mouthfeel is medium bodied with medium carbonation, goes down smooth, the graininess is pretty neat because its so complex. Thanks Jan!"
"Creamy smooth mouthfeel, with a lingering sweet aftertaste. Overall a really nice and interesting brew, and one of the few ive had forom france, to date."
"drinkability is good. good balance. great fruit. i really liked this one."
"D - An easily drinkable and quite complex example of the style. The aroma characteristics are especially nice."
"D - This is one of those weird and complex beers that shock and offend you at first, but then it starts to grow on you. My first Flanders red, roggenbier, and rauchbier struck me the same way. Overall, I wouldn't really want to drink this all night....especially at the price I paid for this one. But, its totally worth a try since it is so different and complex. This beer is like modern art...I respect it for the talent that went into it, but I don't really understand it."
"Overall the lack of the high belgian style carbonation makes this beer a little flabby. Maybe ill buy another bottle in a year or so to see if their techniques have improved but otherwise an enjoyable brew."
"This is a beer that insinuates itself on your tastes. It certainly has plenty of pop from the cork and it pours a pale yellow with a nice white head, some retention, a loads of white lacing. It almost looks like sugar particles clinging to the sides fo the glass. The smell is green apple, citrus, maybe some honey aromas, and other faint smells of floral leaves. The smell is second to the taste, which is quite good. There is quite a complexity to this beer. There are perfumed scents, tart apples, citrus, floral spices such as lavender, and grassy notes as well. This is a very refreshing, pleasing, relatively light beer, well worth seeking out. There is a moderate degree of carbonation, the finish is somewhat tart, and the mouthfeel is light and refreshing. The aftertaste is quite mild for a beer with a 7% ABV. The warming alcohol throatiness does pop through as the beer warms and settles, but the ABV is well hidden behind a melange of complexity. L'Chaim."
"The beer without pants. Perfect score on quality naming. I'm not so expert on Biere de Garde style, so this review should get a generous dose of salt. The appearance was very good, crystal clear golden color, lots of wet looking foam with lacing tendrils on the glass. The aroma was mild, mostly malts. The flavor was sweet and a little ""worty", a very nice reminder of the tastes I ""smell"" in working microbreweries. Very very tasty, the essence of pale malt. I liked it."
"Drinkability: easy drinking beer that goes well with simple pork chop or tenderloin meal. Mildly refreshing."
"D - Not complex but unique. I found it hard to drink straight out of the fridge but much better as I approached the bottom of the bottle and it had warmed significantly."
"Overall- A nice, multi-purpose beer. I'm enjoying this one on an unusually warm fall afternoon, but I could see this one as being a regular in my rotation if it had greater availability. I haven't been able to find it in Michigan."
"This is an odd call. Its no taste roller coaster, but its not supposed to be. It is very clean, has some subtle sophistication, most refreshing, and would be a perfect aperitif beer, especially with the items I mentioned previously, Would also be dead on with most oily fish, a fruited/zesty salad, a simple sandwich made of few yet impeccable ingredients. A very versatile beer. I'm relatively new to this genre and these & Saisons are growing on me in their simplistic complexity. Its certainly worthy trying and would be highly recommended to pair with simple fare or to just enjoy quietly and enjoy a nice, easy to drink beer that has a few secrets. Give it a shot."
"For a fuller example, try this brewery's Ambree. After having different offerings of this brewery, I do realize that La Choulette has a wonderful yeast strain, giving their beers a uniquely wonderful taste. This could use more flavor and body, but the aroma and drinkability make this a shining star of a mild/light example of the style."
"great big pils. Tasty."
"golden with a big white head that sticks around clumpy and nice with good lace all over. aroma is well balanced grassy hops, flowery malt and a little fruity sweetness. taste is mild and a bit sour. great, smooth, slightly dry mouthfeel with a good drinkability. goes down easily. great for a hot summer day."
"Drinkability: Man, this really makes me miss the Lost Abbey Avant Garde. I should see if I still a bottle or two around."
"I've heard a lot about this beer, so I was excited to final try it out. Good color, not a lot of head. Smells great, lots of fruity esters and good hops coming through. Maybe a little too much hops in the nose? Eh, not sure, gotta taste it. Wow, this beer tastes great. Very complex, starts with a nice hop bitterness, mellows to a little floral-malty goodness, ends with a little ester in the nose. Yummy. The alchol is barely there in the taste. Very easy to drink. Really good representation of a Biere de Garde, I will get this one again."
"Pours a perfect medium amber, with bright yellow highlights and a bleached-white foamy head. Aromas of yeasty herbs and earth, a bit of anise and some citrusy fruits. The most dominant aspect is that earthiness. On the palate, candied ginger and hops first off, then some sweetness at the mid-palate that vanishes in a flash toward a medium-length, slightly hoppy dry finish. Everything here is fabulously balanced -- there's citrus and herbs and malts and earth, but nothing overpowers anything else. The mouthfeel is fairly big, owing to some robust carbonation -- it's more gourmet and delectable than it would be thirst-quenching. Overall, this is awesome -- everything a high-alcohol biere de garde should be, and the best biere de garde I've had. I'm very impressed."
"with some fresh country air."
"Corked and caged 750ml bottle with a ""best before"" date of 01.12.07 poured into a tulip glass. Pours a small yellowish orange color with a small white head. The aroma is predominately malty and yeasty with some fruit and peppery spice. The taste starts out pretty mild with some malt and yeast flavors but livens up towards the sour/tart finish which shows some of the spices. At times I am reminded of an Oktoberfest beer when drinking this. Overall, this is a really tasty brew that I wouldn't mind having again at all."
"BB 27-02-08. White head and a golden beer with orange shine and lots of haze and also bigger particles floating in the brew. Nose is very grainy, light sour and spicy. Taste is more sour, quiet bitter( not just hops), herbal, grainy, dry taste and malts taste bit like dry grass. Good beer but needs a couple of sips to get used to the grainy sour taste and next to that bitterness hangs bit. Well carbonated and certainly not your regular brew. Enjoyable"
"Brilliant golden color with a touch of amber. Large bright white head doesn't get out of control but stays for some time. Leaves quality sheets of lacing down the glass. Aroma is strong on honey and clove. Very earthy with a touch of biscuit. A touch acidic. Flavor is better than aroma would lead on. Lighter in body but so smooth and intricate. Almost a creamy, buttery mouthfeel. A touch of toast. Lots of flavorful honey characteristics and a touch sweet. Earthy but not too raw. A bit nutty. More of a subtle earthy, yeasty phenolic flavor. Fruity flavors are there but I can't put my finger on which fruit. More citric and some hoppiness in the finish. Drying. Light acidity finishes it off with only a touch of honey. This was good at first but really grew on me. I think I could drink this all day."
"This beer pours a light amber color with a tall head that has nice retention and leaves plenty of lacing on the glass. The aroma is very soft and fruity with hints of spice and funk. Very much like a saison. I like. The flavor is very smooth and enjoyable. Some graininess with very subtle hints of sour and funkiness that blend very well with the stronger flavors of fruit and spice. Extremely well balanced and it doesn't show a hint of the 7% abv. The mouthfeel is very light and the drinkability is very good."
"Mouth: Very sparkly entrance that, by the time it reaches the back, has mellowed to a very easy-to-swallow texture. Sweet flavors up front and a dryer swallow, then a lasting plastic flavor, slightly tangy. A taste of dill pickles in the middle of the mouth, but not sour, maybe just dill. Some honey notes and taffy flavors. This is extremely enjoyable and drinkable, though not particularly complicated."
"In the final analysis, Les Biere Des Sans Culottes is a well-crafted biere de garde that would benefit, in my considered opinion, by being ever so slightly bigger in all respects. What's there is fabulous, I just want more of it."
"Super-easy to drink with its lighter body and 7% ABV. Probably best for summer but there's enough weight to this one, in terms of flavors and mouthfeel, to satisfy even in the coldest winter."
"Taste; the horse blanket is more pronounced in the flavor. There's a nice grassy and fruitiness, with some apples and coriander and a little bit of lemon. Mouthfeel is light and pretty creamy, and goes down really nicely. Went very well with my spicy Thai chicken."
"A fairly mild, well-balanced and easy drinking Biere de Garde. Refreshing. It would make a good intro to the style, and artisan brews in general, for a non-craft drinker, but there just isn’t enough muscle or complexity for my tastes. I prefer La Choulette’s Ambree over this, but that applies in most situations. This is still an excellent beer-- well balanced and makes a great accompaniment to a meal."
"Clear golden color with a bright white frothy head. Nose is appley and farmy funk; mown grass and sweet hay. The taste is quite reminiscent (to me, at least) of a saison -- some sort of dank funkiness going on, but not quite ""horse-blanket."" There is also a delicious pear/apple wine flavor with a rounded hop balance. Light and dry mouthfeel makes this extremely thirst-quenching. Quite drinkable! I certainly see how this would kill at a holiday feast."
"This offering poured with a pure white fluffy head and a body that was very clear and golden with a tint of yellow-ness to it. Refreshing malty sweetness, floral bouquet, and a touch of oak in the nose serve justice. The mouthfeel is fantastic; wonderfully smooth and brisk, leading to an entirely quenching brew. A lightly malted front is met with soft floral hop notes that is undeniably satisfying. The whole beer in itself almost takes on a creamy and feathery feeling as it does the walz on your palate. The finish is impeccably balanced and ultimately ends up leaving behind the sweet maltiness that was imparted in the mouthfeel. Good care and quality."
" Taste is really nice. No diacetyl at all. Grassy and floral hops at first, hops slightly bitter on the finish. Lemon bread comes to mind. Mouthfeel is lively and creamy. These 750ml are going quickly."
"Maybe it was a bad bottle, but this was pretty rough all round with lots of off flavours"
"Damn good biere de garde, had at Beer Bistro. Spicey yeasty and smooth drinking. Nice permanent foaminess built in. Nice cidery colour. Some complexity to the taste, great alone, and according to my drinking buddy, with his meal. From France you say?"
"Decent beer, wasn’t crazy about it."
"Drinking a 750mL bottle, one year past it's best before date, from a Duvel tulip glass. My first french blond ale so I'm not familiar with all of the characteristics of the style. Poured with a nice 1"" or so head with large loose bubbles. Crystal clear, light golden color. Can't come up with any good descriptors for the smell other than it smells like it tastes. Light caramel sweetness and a grassy, fruity, floral bouquet. Nice, light mouthfeel. Very drinkable. Worth a try if you like the style."
"Overall - An excellent beer, very drinkable. Recommended !!"
"My first Biere de Garde. Poured out to a hazy golden color with a nice foamy head and minor lacing in the glass. High carbonation. Smell was very pleasing and similar to a belgian ale such as Duvel; aromas of malt, earth, yeast and mild spice filled the nose well. An excellant start. Taste was very palatable and complex, yet not overbearing. Flavors of malt, grain, mild hops, yeast, and a dry sweetness blend wonderfully. Mouthfeel is fantastic; carbonation excites the tastebuds and the flavor gives them something to be happy about. High level of drinkability, I'm sure I will be seeing more of this in the cellar, as well as more of this style. Highly Recommended."
"D-This beer is very light and crisp and has a nice sweetness to it that is very faint. The malt and hops have good depth for as light as they are. Very pleasant to drink and the subtle taste makes me want to take another sip."
"I think this is a great beer and I highly recommend it."
"Cork popped out of 750ml very gently and remained in my fingers. Pours a little darker gold in color than other biere de garde's that I've had. Very high carbonation with whole hand's worth of head that dissipates into a pillowy 2 finger head that remains minutes after the initial pour. Aroma is sour. Some aroma of grass and earthy smells. First sip reveals a very grassy flavor with a slight tang to it. It seems like it would pair very well with goat cheese. Very smooth mouthfeel and goes down very easily for a 7.0% ABV."
"Overall, a very drinkable brew, and it hit the spot on a hot summer day in BKLYN."
"750 ml corked and bailed green bottle. Best before date A 06. This beer drinks very easy and the peppery spice lasting and drying was very well done."
"Pours a golden yellow with a frothy white head which leaves nice lacing down the glass. Lots and lots of sediment floating around. I'm never seen quite so much before. I'm new to the style so please forgive me in my review. Sweet in the nose, with some spicy hops. Very complex; I can't begin to do all the flavours justice. All I know is I could smell this beer all evening and be happy. Spices (I get some coriander) with malts in the taste and a gentle hint of lemony gueuze-like sourness. Lovely and complex. Still can't get over the nose. Mouthfeel is nice. Wow, this is a nice beer. If the rest of the exampls of of biere de gardes are like this, I might have found my new favourite style."
"This beer poured a light golden color and formed a thin foam ring about the glass. It looked like sparkling apple cider, but had a slight haze to it too. The smell was of wheat, malt and light fruit. The taste is wonderful and reminded me of candy. It was cidery and elicited an apricot flavor as well. The mouthfeel was light, but not watery, very balanced. I thoroughly enjoyed this beer and would definitely buy another bottle!"
"Taste is fruity and lightly sour. A nice spicy finish, peppery. Sweet with hints of alcohol showing through but drys out in the finish a bit. Very creamy mouth which is unexpected. The creaminess adds to the drinkability, really smooth. Overall not as complex and mind-blowing as I expected from the aroma but a really good choice anyway. I'll have another..."
"Flower petal intrigue and mild bitterness are highlights of the flavor. A smooth, thick, bready texture and one-dimensional honey/malt flavor makes this good but not at all excellent. I wonder if it's trying too hard to seem natural. The bits of lemon and the texture make me think that if I were drinking lager or even some white wine that I'd be much happier."
"Nice with a plate of mussels -- or greens."
"Note of caution: the cork will have some velocity so be sure to point toward light beer drinkers and/or social conservatives when opening."
"Extremely drinkable...wish I had another."
"Fairly dry in the finish, and overall light and effervescent in the mouth. A very pleasant surprise!"
"An appropriate beer to be consumed on this fine Labor Day. Nice depiction of a scene from the French revolution, which was due to an uprising of the laboring class, on the label. 75 cl cork and caged bottle pours a golden pils color with some bronze hightlights and a big off-white head that doesn't necessarily last, but leaves good lacing. Some honey-like and hay-like pilsener malt tones, light yeast fruitiness, and subdued low-alpha hop notes. Tastes light and crisp, soft water notes like water drawn from a well, pear-like fruitiness from the yeast, and sweet in its malt, but maintaining a simple overall feel with a small undercurrent of subtle spicings, which gives it a complexity and depth. Quite enjoyable in the fact that it's very drinkable and pretty simple, overall. Feels like it's less than 7%. I've had this before and I'd purchase it again. This beer's proof that the French are no slouchers when it comes to brewing some artisanal beers."
"Drinkability: A very nice beer, easy drinking, flavorful, but, perhaps, a bit lethargic. I would very much drink one of these again, but I'd seek out something more interesting after the 2nd one in a row."
"This is one those rare beer purchases that turn out to be an amazing find. I wish I had bought more."
"A pants-less thanks to Bighuge for this jewel of a biere-de-garde."
"Pours a beautiful, clear, light gold color. It is crowned by a thick off white head. Aromas of lemon zest, grain, and hay are found in the nose. Overall though, the aromas are quite light. Mmm, this beer is much tastier than the faint aroma would suggest. The beer is lightly sweet and it has a medium full body, which is a nice surprise. The taste is redolent with lemon, green apple, bergamot, grain, and a tannic bite. There is a bit of bitterness in the finish, which is followed by an astringency and some tingling acidity. A nice bit of toasted biscuit and toasted malt flavors come through as this beer opens up. This beer is definitely quite malty."
"750ml thanks to MartinT. The appearance is a nice clear shining gold. White head, well-laced, but pretty thin. Aroma is spicy, something along the lines of chive, very dry and farmy, almost closing to a wheat field in that respect. Slight floral and yeast notes complement the nose, but overall, it seems a bit harsh in its dryness, like a farm in summer that didn't receive enough water during spring. Palate is also very dry, not unlike a white wine, grapey with notes of orange, grapefruit, bread and lemon. Subtle hay and tartness come and go leaving a pleasant yeasty/spicy finish."
"Sans Culottes is great with a meal or by itself. Its rocky head accents its wonderful golden color. The aroma is fruity and complex. The taste is of fruit (peach and apricot?) with maybe some aniseed and then a bitter dryness that leaves you wanting more."
"No, it is significantly different, all my jokes aside, it is smoother, fruitier, without the lemony/orange citric taste, very mellow, easy-drinking, a perfect choice for dinner, picnics, celebrations, patting yourself on the back, whatever it takes. Very well-rounded, the malt meets the hops almost perfectly, and the flavor remains king. Mmm, tasty, and this is so amiable and perfectly integrated, that, were it more affordable and readily reachable, I'd take it on more often as an everyday brew. Just loosen the belt, lose the fancypants and go ""sans culottes", I says..."
"Drinkability – This was a great surprise. I actually picked this up at a Topps grocery store of all places. What a find. I’ll pick up another bottle and keep it for a special occasion."
"Not bad, but not worthy of all the hype!"
"As another reviewer noted, a ""French Masterpiece"" The beer pours a brilliant Golden with awesome purity and clarity of color. I can't help get the image of a beautiful ""French Blonde"" out of my head as I ruminate over this fine specimen-lovely creamy white head and sticky lace that clings to the side of the glass and does not move. Aromatically, this beer screams out of the gate. I could smell the warming, malty richness even as it was being poured. The beer exhibits as well an earthiness that some may call barnyardy, yet the French may call, terroir. Though the aromas may be that which I have smelled inside a French Barn-some weathered wood aromas come to mind-I personally don't find the smell of a French Barn to be negative. In fact, it is this very rusticity that I love about, not only French beer, but the wines as well. To each his own. The mouthfell on this beer is that of butter. Creamy and rich this beer melts on the palate. The carbonation is very fine and acts as yet another catalyst in the creation of this voluptuous French blonde. Once past the awe of this beers silken texture, the flavors kick in. Rich maltiness adds a robust quality to the beer and a pretty sweetness. A very slight, yet ever present bitterness keeps things in check balance wise. Still more butter on the palate in the way of perhaps butterscotch? Warming alcohol comes off more soothing than hot and is integral to the beers character. A beer you'll love to curl up with and enjoy very, very, very slowly-this is one tasty French Blonde! SANTE!"
"This beer totally and utterly agreed with with me. Very nice floral subtly oaky aroma, very nice tastewise. Very subtle and elegant, with a tremendously satisfying bitter finish, very savoury, a very juicy little brew (grape-like as VENOM says), totally awesome. We get the Choulette Ambree down under, but not this, i'm sure the importers could get this if they wanted to. I'll just have to wait till i get to europe to try it again until they do."
"Golden blonde in hue, topped by a fluffy, thick rocky head. Brilliant clarity. Rough, frothy lace remains. Combination of a sweetly floral and chlorophyll - laden, fresh cut grass like hop nose is dominant in aroma. Undertones of yeast must and black licorice along with trace clove add, herbal rustic depth. Becomes progressively more peppery and phenolic as the volatile hop oils evaporate, but retains a purposeful, understated elegance. Softly spoken, yet enticing aromawise. Mellow, lightly perfumed, Blossom - esque honey sweetness upfront in flavor is quickly complemented by mild yeast and base pilsner malt derived breadiness. Subtle phenols emerge mid palate accompanied by light, pearish esters, only to be superceded by a firm, but judicious light caramel malt presence that serves to both extend malt sweetness and counteract the high apparant attenuation by contributing dextrins. Agreeably smooth, innocuous and soft in mouthfeel. Non descript, but well calculated hop bitterness offsets residual sweetness well and provides a cleansing dryness. Finishes mostly clean, with notes of sweet cracker and hints of lightly citric lemongrass. San Culottes is a dangerously delightful and soft brew. It's as light on the palate as a fine Helles but adds the subtle spice and fruit of a Belgian pale. A nearly quintessential Biere de Garde, that's only a hair shy in malt character. Very enjoyable."
"Hazy looking straw color. A dense off-white head recedes to a collar and a few islands. The aroma is musty and fruity with a spattering of grapes. The fruitiness on the nose is very muted on the tongue. Instead, there is substantial must, a little leather, tinges of alcohol and some evidence of lime juice. This is a unique beverage. Some very slight sourness and tartness. A little bit of a dry finish. Body is light to medium and mouthfeel is effervescent. Nice little farmhouse ale. Very drinkable."
"This beer just tastes off.  Not pleasant.  Out of 5 Bier de Gardes tasted oin the same night, this was the worst and had the lamest malt profile."
"Upcharging and pretty clear deep yellow color, hazy and sparkly head.  Sharp and winey aroma, with a sense of yeasty and woodsy mustiness.  Flavor is full but not piquant, more like elements of malty sweetness and oak barrel flavor with some unfermented grape.  Reasonably full-bodied, nice in the swallow with aftertaste of muskiness.  Enough hops to make it balanced for style (I guess, this style is pretty new to me).  Pretty enjoyable..."
