review_text
""
"finaly a local beer...lots of luck with the new move, welcome to the neighborhood...appereance was hazy dark copper. since i rolled the bottle to get tht lovely lava lamp like sediment. brownish creamy foam settle for a bit, then kinda went way. left some lace bubbles behind. smell is hoppy with some yeast and spice undertones, some lighty possibly toasted malts, mouthfeel is supisingly crisp, good carbonation. taste hits hoppy before its moves to spice. theres a slight citrusy/orange arouma as it opens up..plays well with the hopps. overall a nice cali-common. see you guys in industry"
"Balance. This beer has balance, and not just balance but old school '90s-style microbrewery balance where the malt and hops come flailing out with an abundance of flavor yet it all works out in the end. Aside from the head dropping out quicker than we wanted it to (small peanuts) this is an all around great beer."
"I apparently think more of this beer than most raters, but I think it would make a good session beer."
"Hmmm...I can dig this. It's better than their Power Tool Pilsner, and better than most macro lagers."
"There are many, many better options out there. An average brew from Skyscraper."
"A new brewery for me, I think I'll pass on any other offerings."
"Drinkability: you could quaff a few of these but boredom will set in after one or two."
"Not recommended..."
"Notes: This was much better than the honeyweizen and restored faith that these guys can brew a decent beer. Appearance is boring and sets the bar pretty low. Both offerings I've had from this brewer have looked like cider. Limp. And its not a bottling issue as they were both fresh and unharmed in any way."
"D: Newly opened brewery here in LA, so I had high hopes. Shot down."
"D: One of the very few California Common's that I have ever had, but really, not very good, Anchor Steam is a much better choice."
"Well this is no Anchor Steam. It is unfortunate that any brewery trying to make this beer style in California must be compared to possibly the best one, and the beer that restarted good beer in America. This is a decent beer that I could see buying when Anchor Steam cost $11 a six pack and this coasts $7."
"Overall- I hate to give a less than stellar review to a small producer but I don't think this even close to the benchmark Anchor Steam for this category. Th off fruitiness really turned me off, I hope I can re-review more postively in the future"
