review_text
""
""
"Medium body and carbonation."
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Overall - It's a good tasting beer that finishes really well with pretty much any meal, especially a burger!"
"O- A good beer that has a fair amount of flavor, and is super easy drinking."
"Overall: A pretty good take on the Cali Common style. Nice bready flavors with a good balancing hop presence."
""
""
""
"Drinkability is okay, the leafy vegetable qualities of the hops just didn't work here for me. Lacking the nuance of a steam beer, I'd have never guessed by the taste."
"M/D: A bit syrupy but with a decent amount of carbonation. It coats your mouth as well. It took me a while to get the bomber down... maybe I was just not in the mood..."
"Copper colored brew, decent sized cream colored head. Kind of surprisingly the hops dominate the nose, bitter variety. Nice sweet malts too. Same kind of thing for the taste, hoppy to the point of being somewhat surprising. I've only had a couple to a handful of this kind of style, so im not sure if it has a ""normal"" profile or not. Really the only steam that i am really familiar with is of course anchor's, and this seems to be a bigger beer than that. Most malts and for sure more hops. Medium bodied, somewhat creamy mouth. Tastey brew, I've been hearing murmurs about this flat earth and will for sure dive deeper into their line."
"Haven't had much of this style before so its hard to compare this to any other commons."
"O: a solid offering from flat earth. I feel like this beer is pretty underrated."
"Drinkability is very good. Given the style this beer falls under, I was a bit apprehensive, but I was pleasantly surprised. A very good ""session"" beer, in my opinion."
"D- Very good drinkable beer, tough to not compare this beer to Anchor Steam...as the notorious option in the style. Good everyday type of beer, solid core of malt, fresh and bitter with the hops, session-able @ 5.5%."
"According to label - American pale, Victory, Crystal and wheat malts. Cluster, Mt. Hood and Northern Brewer hops. An odd brew. Mixed feelings, though I ""like"" more than ""dislike"" as a whole... seems over-hopped...which is odd in itself, coming from me - or just hopped in a ""different"" direction than I would like. The sourness is a bit much... I'll put this in the ""interesting"" category..."
"This is a balanced drinkable beer. Not overly complex, but I enjoyed it."
"Plenty of flavor (lot of fruitiness from the Ale yeast here) and smooth drinkibility made for a fine quaff. Maybe a bit more balancing hop action would have been welcome but overall this is a decent example of a Steam Beer from Flat Earth."
"It was real easy to drink. I could have finished a few more glasses of this easy. I did like the style so I will try a few more but this one was a quite interesting brew."
"Golden orange in color with sudsy off white head on top. Nice bitter hop scent fills the nose. Taste is moderately hoppy. A nice bite to go along with the malt. Crisp hops with a bit of graininess as well. Feel is fine, maybe a tad thin, but nothing crazy. Very drinkable. This is one is in the top two for me as far as offerings from Flat Earth. Several of their other beers I have come away with less than impressed. Nothing outrageous here, just a solid sessionable hopped up beer."
"I was very pleased with the draft variety of this beer. It seemed to present itself as less hoppy than its bottled counterpart. The color was light amber with a light white head. Sweet and malty nose. Sweet attack with some late presenting hops that acted more complementary in the draft than as the centerpiece in the bottle. There are some fruit notes in the flavor that seem almost like mild berry flavors. As I have said, much less hoppy than what I remember the bottled variety being."
"Drinkability - It's a good representation of the American Steam beer style. I could see having more of this one if I run across it again."
"Thanks for reading my first review and if there are are any of you traveling to this part of the country I live in Saint Paul, MN near Summit, Flat Earth, Lift Bridge and a couple killer beer bars (Happy Gnome, Muddy Pig, Great Waters and Bulldog Lowertown). Hit me up, bring some beer and well definitely raise our glasses in a cheer!"
"cloudy yellow with some sediment in the glass. Has a sweet smell with lots of floral hops. Tastes citrusy, reminiscent of Sierra Nevada Pale Ale with a very clean drinkable mouthfeel. As I drink it I notice tremendous head retention with a bitter hop aftertaste. This is a"
"Taste is sweet. A little hop bitterness in the middle to balance it out. Overall, very solid try."
"M/D - Light to medium boided, excellent carbonation. Easy drinking but the flavor does not leave me wanting more."
"A good beer. Hardly a great one, but certainly an interesting offering, with an equally interesting label and text to accompany it. Thanks to BDLBrewster for the chance to try it!"
"This is actually pretty nice; at first I didn't like how jarring the transition between the smooth, chewy malt notes in the middle and the harsher hop notes in the finish, but after a few sips it begins to get a bit more integrated and balanced (though the hop character is a bit more harsh than I might prefer). This definitely seems to be an under-appreciated beer though, but I suspect that the breweries consistency issues have to do with much of the problem; I am just glad that I got a stable / fresh bottle."
"D= great. A very good beer. I wish they would make sixers"
"D - Drinkability is not bad. The earthy characteristics are nice and refreshing. It could be a nice session beer if the carbonation issues could be addressed. Time doesn't seem to work this issue out. Pour it, swirl it, let it set, swirl it, let it set, and still it just has too much carbonation to truly enjoy the experience. Not bad overall though. Glad I got the chance to try this one out."
"D: Goes down pretty good, no carbonation to fill you up and no single taste to make you spit it out."
"Poured this beer into a pint glass. The copperish wheat colour of beer gave off a fair amount of foam then reducing to wisps of beer. The aroma was that of citrus and malts. The taste however tasted of flat citrus with slight tones of malt that left a bitterness in the aftertaste. Overall I won't have this beer again just due to the unbalanced combination that it gave."
"D - Good drinkable brew that met my expectations."
"Overall, this isn't my typical style of beer. It is very easy to drink, but I don't plan on buying this one again."
"D-A nice brew. Not my favorite from Flat Earth thus far, but still very ejoyable. Would consider this one again in the future, if the time is right. I was rather expecting an over-carbonated mess after the first pour, but it turned out to be alright and quite enjoyable."
"A nice steam beer (I refuse to call it California Common). Aroma was so so. There's a spiciness to it that I wasn't expecting. Pour was a beautiful clear amber with a puffy one finger near tan head. Clear and crisp. Taste was good but odd. There is a strong astringent bitterness to it that I don't associate with steam beer. The hops create a resinous film on the throat that don't let any malt through. Not bad."
"Pours a handsome copper color, with a monstrous, almost unruly beige head that really hangs in there for a long time, and leaves clumpy & sticky lacing all over the glass. Nice floral hop aroma, some grainy/beery aromas, some slight citrus/tangerine notes. Really nice flavors here, bright, citrusy, some bitter grassy flavors, some slightly sweet malty flavors. Clean, crisp, really nice/active carbonation....this is the very definition of session beer. I'd love to have this again, and would really love to see more beers available in the style."
"Very frsh, clean, malty aroma with soft undertones of dried leaves. Nose is not remarkable, but is inviting. The first sip brings an unexpectedly perfect impression of Anchor Steam, but maybe better...very soft, creamy mouthfeel, broad fruitiness that gives a feeling of sweetness but isnt really sweet...dry roasted bittreness in the finish. Outstandingly drinkable, a perfect session beer. One to get by the case for parties or BBQs. Impressive effort."
"Overall I was really taken by suprise on this one. It was a hoppy little ale that I did not see coming. Nice balance and feel lef to this one being a favorite of mine over the last week or so. I would have to recommend this one for sure."
"Drinkability - thanks to WankerWeasal for the teaser; with any luck perhaps I can find another one of these at DLD09 to re-review."
"This was really a delightful beer. And ""delightful"" is not a term that I use lightly. Because it usually sounds fruity. So when I say ""delightful"" you better believe that I fucking mean it."
"D - A good drinkable beer, would be great for a session."
"Mouthfeel was a bit slick with medium density and medium/mild carbonation. This is a well-rounded beer."
"Pours a clear amber color with a small amount of foam and sparse lacing. Aroma of pale and Vienna malts, backed up by a nice hop freshness. Slightly nutty on the palate, dry as can be, some nice hop bitterness on the finish. Dry and crisp, somewhat refreshing. Needs more carbonation. I must say I'm not overly impressed with this beer. It's decent but nothing I would search out."
"Overall an easy drinking beer."
"I picked this bomber up for $5.99 at the Andersons store in Dublin OH. I thought it might be a German Helles lager (a style I crave always) but it turns out I was wrong, it's a steam beer clone (a style I'm not crazy for). The beer is light copper colored and clear, with a really thick wet foam. The smell is nothing special in my opinion, just biscuity malt and a hops bitterness without the good hops aromatics. The taste is sort of bland as well, well balanced but with a lingering hops bite which isn't pleasant. No flavors that really make it for me. The body's just about medium, which is just about right for the style I suppose, and drinkability is OK except for the bitter aftertaste. Not badly made but not really my choice for a summer day."
"22 ounce bottle. Served in a Sam Adams BL glass, the beer pours a clear copper color with a half-inch off-white head. Head retention and lacing is very good. The aroma is very light (but nice), it smells like some toasted malt and herbal/grassy hops. Luckily the taste is stronger than the aroma. It tastes like sweet and toasted malt, along with the herbal and grassy hops. Starts off sweet, and has a bitter finish. Mouthfeel/body is medium, with low carbonation. It's also a bit creamy and coating. Drinkability is decent, it's smooth and not hard to drink at all. I think this is a solid beer, I'd buy it again."
"Good close to medium mouthfeel and this brew is working for me. I'm glad it came in a 22oz bottle because it sure is easy enough to drink. Well done Flat Earth! I'd be glad to drink this during the hot days of summer, which it currently is. ;^)"
"It's a solid brew and I'd drink it again, but won't be rushing out to grab more."
"D: Pretty good."
"D- Ok I guess I don't think I would go out and search for this one."
"Element 115 was discovered in 2003 and was given the name Ununpentium (Uup). Flat Earth Brewing tells us that it's the essential component that allows UFOs to fly. Element 115 (the beer) isn't the best California Common the galaxy has ever seen, but it's more than solid. If the price is reasonable, I'd gladly buy a bomber now and again."
"A great steam beer, tasty malts and hops. Wish it was more readily available to me as this would be a great beer to drink lots of come summer. Somewhat simple, yet with depth and plenty of flavour, as such it may be enjoyed best by experienced craft beer drinkers, or at least those who enjoy trying new things. Hope to be drinking this one again!"
"Got this one on a storekeeper's recommendation when they were still waiting on a shipment of Surly's. Turned out to be a solid find, and I'll definitely check out Flat Earth again if I'm in the area. Appearance was a nice orangy amber color with a slightly weak head. Nose was nice, lots of fruit aromas along with some smoky malt. Taste was likewise, not super complex but tasty with the smokiness and the spicy hops and fruit. I might have guessed this was a spiced beer. Feel was good, medium bodied with nice fizzy carbonation. Overall, I really enjoyed this one."
"crystal clear dark amber with a rocky off white head that leaves very decent lacing. smell is fruity, berries. Taste is pretty clean. Some nice balance here. Niether the hops or the malt is jumping out at me, yet I can tell that both are there. the aftertaste is drying and nice. the feeling it leaves in the mouth is not quite right though, and not to my liking. Mouthfeel is creamy with good carbonation. A nice, easy to drink beer that I thoroughly enjoyed."
"Mouthfeel is medium bodied, dry, and yeasty."
"This beer pours a clear amber-bronze color. The head is two inches in height, and recedes slowly into nice lacing. The aroma is fruity with fresh cut grass. The taste has more grass than the aroma with a lingering bitterness in the finish. The mouthfeel is medium bodied with somewhat low carbonation. Overall, this is a decent beer, but Flat Earth can do much better."
"The color was a shade of copper. I was very disappointed to see almost no head or lacing. I could pick up on the strong hops and also some malt on the taste and smell. It was a little bitter and had dry finish. It had very little carbonation, nothing to write home about."
"D- Because of the thin body, the style suffer and thus, the drinkability suffers."
"D - I think this might be appropriate for a summer night, not a January night wrapped in a blanket and wearing layers of polar fleece as I am now. The sweet citrus of this beer makes me think of warmer weather with pleasantly cool nites."
"D-Really pretty spot-on for the style...don't care for the excessive dry hop finish...other than that this is pretty good..much more flavorful and impressive than Anchor Steam..."
"Pours a clean orange-ish copper color with a white head. In the aroma, a small bitterness and a small sweet malt. In the taste, a small bitterness and kind of watery. A smooth, small bitter malt in the mouthfeel and a dry malty aftertaste. Small hop/ bitter and a nice malt, balanced and easy to drink."
"Overall, this is an excellent beer. I could forsee myself drinking this on an almost daily basis. My only problem is that it only comes in bombers (at 4 bucks a pop too). Not that the price is bad, but I want to consume this in mass quantities. I hope that some day I'll see six packs in the store. For now I'll just have to buy the occasional bomber."
"22 oz. bottle with a cool label and great beer info. I really like that Flat Earth does this. Clear, robust copper body with a spittly, lacy, off-white head. Caramel-dipped bread malts, fruity sweetness, and crisp, snappy, spicy, floral hops. Toasted malt and biscuits up front. Caramel and light apple-y fruit sweetness mid-palate before hops take over. Bitter, floral, herbal, minty, and slightly resinous hop flavor. Hoppier than I was expecting. Very refreshing, dry finish. Medium bodied and very well made. I would buy this by the case in the summertime!"
"D-This is a very drinkable beer,smooth with a great malt taste and great balance overall.Carbonation may hurt appearance but does nothing to the taste or mouthfeel of this beer,if anything it makes it a easy and great choice to enjoy just one or for a session."
"Feel is about medium with a bit of a thinnish front that is really the only partial compliant, as it makes up for it as it goes it gets a bigger body and growth of flavors and length as it snaps into place the rest of the way. Even though this has its complexities, I needed a bit more out of it other then the yeasty play that seems to be the main attirbute of the Flat Earth line thus far. Enough with the yeast alreay, give me some more malt and hops please. But, be that as it may, its a pretty solid brew that is fairly enjoyable for its bomber worth. Beyond that, it become tiresome?"
"This bottle has carbonation. A small head with moderate sticky lacing. Much better tasting as well with a nice toasted malt and hop bitterness. Nice carbonation adds to the enjoyment of this beer. Overall I will raise the score 1 point in each catagory."
"Clear copper body and a big, bubbly off white head. Lacing is sporadic. Aroma is quite nice. Sweet caramel like malts and nice fruitiness. Fruits come at you with pear pulp, apple skin and concord grapes. Yeast adds a little doughy dimension to the nose. This flavor profile is quite interesting. It's got the appropriate clean malt flavors. But also some pizazz. This is coming from the spicy hops and estery yeastiness. It's a great touch to this beer. Honeyed malts form a nice base. Pepper notes accent nicely as well. The beer could use a little more carbonation. It's not flat, but is on that side of the spectrum. Body is about medium or so. It goes down quite easily as it is very flavorful."
"I hope I passed the audition."
"Pleasant brew, but nothing spectacular, which is what I usually get from ""California commons""."
"This beer appears to have been reformulated since its initial release, and to me it is all the better for it. It pours a clear light amber-brown, with a small white head that fades quickly. There is a pleasant malty smell. Now, the taste is of a biscuity maltiness, with a slight brown sugar sweetness, finishing with a hint of hop goodness on the tip of the tongue. Initially, the hop flavor was much more pronounced, to the detriment of the other more delicate flavors. The only other beer of this style that I've tried(Anchor)is not particularly hoppy either. The mouthfeel is nice and full and it goes down easily. This is a nice version of a(for the Twin Cities)rarely brewed style."
"I could drink a ton of this throughout the summer. I hope plenty of people do...a terrific effort #2 from Jeff Williamson and Flat Earth. Makes me really eager to taste beer #3."
"Tasted this one at the Happy Gnome in St. Paul, MN. It poured a golden-amber color (oh no, is this going to be another boring amber?) with a light tan head. The first thing I smell is HOPS. A good sign so far. My first taste leads to a surprising thicker mouthfeel considering the color and lager style. The malt profile is bready and sweet but not heavy and balances out nicely with the assertive hops. Interesting hop flavors of pine, grapfruit, and citrus. This beer is complex as I can clearly pick out the smoothness of lager and the malty ale characteristics. It's a beer that will make you say hmmmm. Good to see a California common fresh from MN that delivers. Oh, and I found out from the brewer that Element 115 is an undiscovered element on the Periodic Table, however, experts claim that combined with another element it is what makes UFO's fly. Cool."
"This is beer is a little simple for beer geek, but I can see it being a nice gateway beer for the friends of beer geeks. The malt is very mellow with a little caramel and the flavor is dominated but hops fruit flavors. It was highly drinkable. Nothing special, but tasty nonetheless."
"Tried this one on tap last night. Appeared a golden/copper color and clear. Smell is 'woodsy' with a lot of pine and grass type aromas. Very interesting hopping. Taste follows along the same lines. Nice beer, drinkable. I will try another one next time I spot it somewhere."
"I had the pleasure of trying this beer on two occasions over the past few days and am glad to see yet another nice offering from Flat Earth. The beer pours a translucent copper color with a small, foamy white head. The aroma is slightly sweet with a complex hop aroma that runs the range from citrusy to grassy and floral. The flavor is crisp and malty with a pronounced hop glavor and bite. Great balance. The lager-like properties really shine in the flavor and mouthfeel. Drinkability? Surely I could sit down and have a few and enjoy the hell out of 'em. Good beer. Nice to see this style at a local brewery."
"Had a pint of this new beer at the Happy Gnome. I haven't had too many steam beers, maybe I'll try another Anchor after this one. Flavorful, but not over the top, a solid beer."
