review_text
""
""
""
""
""
""
"Tastes a bit strange, sweet and tea like, honeyed malt mostly and a touch of something floral. Vague fruit candy sweetness. Seems like any given Euro strong lager past its prime. A little yeast fruitiness, though the flavors merely sit there and don't coalesce at all. Watery and a touch metallic also. Not recommended."
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"D - Poor flavor and body kill the drinkability."
"Honey amber with a creamy tan head. Untoasted grain and sweet malt in the nose. Barley and honey flavors with a faint touch of earthy hop bittering. Medium light bodied and creamy with fizzy carbonation. This is the last of the strange historical beers 12 pack and they were all pretty mundane, this one is the pick of the litter I think."
"Came from a beers of America 12 pack. Pours a hazy copper color that produced a slightly off white foamy head that faded very fast to a ring around the top of the beer. A medium-low amount of carbonation. Smells very similar to many other Minhas beers. I pick up lots of malts and slight sweet smell. At first I taste some carmel malts...and that's about it. A very weak finish. Slightly smooth mouthfeel. It is a pretty okay beer. Very drinkable, not great but not bad."
"the mouthfeel is watery and dry. it was unenjoyable. i will not be drinking this stuff again."
"D: Not bad. I certainly like this steam beer better than Anchor."
"This is nothing all that special but it's decent enough. Smooth and easy drinking."
"Notes: The only thing that comes close the style is the appearance. After that it goes way off the map. It is drinkable but boring and I have noticed that all the beers in this mixed 18 pack are oddly similar to each other. The best part of this 18 pack is the book that came with it."
"This is not one I seek out again It really doesn't do much for me. It did drink real easy so you could session it but I wouldn't want to"
"Drinkability: An easy drinking beer, not too exciting. When I think California Common/Steam beer I think Anchor Steam as the benchmark. This one misses by a lot."
"D: This is easy to drink, although the taste is not the best. Would be okay on a hot summer day."
"Drinkability: nothing overly offensive, but nothing seems worth seeking out again. Flavors are flat and body is overly assertive with carbonation."
"Too bad, I was hoping for something better. Seems to approach style more effectively as it warms, but it's just lacking."
"D: Not a bad brew. It could be better, thats for sure, but it went down easy and you know what? I'd drink another. I just might. Its not bad at all. It is very mediocre, but its not on the bad side of mediocre."
"D= low. I could barely finish it... close to a drain pour"
"I got this beer in a sampler pack that said Brewed & Bottled By MDII Rochester, NY and came in a tin case with a book The History of Beer in America. The best part of the sampler pack was the book and the case. This beer has an amber color. Pours with a thick white head that dissipates quickly. Not much of an aroma and left a coppery taste in my mouth. It reminded me of the taste from the old water fountains in school. I am no big fan of this beer, would not recommend it, nor will I buy it again."
"Drinkability"" Not really a bad beer or a drain pour, but not something I will seek out after this sampler is done. Seems contracted out too many times, like it is just a gimmick to sell the sampler case."
"Again, just like the Minhas Piedmont Porter, this tastes very much like beer I've had, and disliked, from Canadian breweries. Is it their yeast strain that makes this beer less than desireable?"
"If you had a friend that isn't a beer fan but wanted to drink on, this is a very inoffensive beer to let them try. The flavor isn't that much stronger than beer flavored water."
"This 12 oz bottle is the best of the Minhas samplers so far. Pours an attractive clear copper amber with a small beige head that leaves some patchy lacing. Aroma reveals some toffee maltiness and some spicy hops. Understated but decent. Light body is well carbonated. Taste has a lot of malty sweet caramel and toffee, balanced by an earthy hop bitterness. Aroma promised more than the taste could muster, but not a bad drinking beer."
"I'd drink this if offered to me, but I wouldn't purchase it."
"Pours a clear dark copper with a thin off-white head. Almost nondescript in aroma. There's some caramel, but that's about it. The mouthfeel is thin and watery. Things start off with a light malt and grain flavor upfront. Taste turns almost seltzer-like midway. Hops are very light toward the finish. Overall this is a pretty bland and uninviting finish. Disappointing for a commercial brewer. Honestly, I've homebrewed better batches of this style."
"A pretty light tasting beer, just above most of the BMC stuff so slightly more drinkable. It's a shame, the look of it was the best feature."
"This is my first beer out of the American Beer gift pack, and I hope the rest are not as butchered as this beer was."
"D = Fair tasting, I could see drinking several of these on the right occasion, but hard to recommend it as more than average."
"D - A slightly below average brew. That's a shame since the appearance is so beautiful. This one is soft and gentle like a CC should be, but it suffers from a water mouthfeel and overriding flavors and aromas of metal"
"The beer poured a very clear amber/brown color with a thick cream colored head which began to disappear quickly. The aroma was quite malty and sweet. The taste is also malty and sweet. The mouthfeel is medium bodied and seems to work well for this brew. Overall, this is an easy drinking beer. It is non-offensive, but also lacks depth."
"Don't drink and review."
"I don't find any of the strong negatives others noted, which I think may have to do more with storage and freshness than anything else. This brewer doesn't print any brewed/best by dates which is kinda of dumb."
"D - Gotta admit, half way through it was a sink pour, after all I had two more in the pack I had yet to try."
"I'm not a big fan of weak beers, ageless and awful."
"Pours a nice, coppery amber. Very faint foam and bubbles. The aroma is deeply malty and a little viney. A little odd. The taste is also vine but a better, crisper malt flavor. Definetly hard water used for this brew. light yet crisp hops. Certainly refreshing, yet a little bland a few odd flavors for such a style. Although very easy to drink."
"Another beer that pours out pretty flat. The head of foam dies down pretty quick. Kinda reddish/gold color with just a little bit of small bubbles rising to the top. Not much body to this beer. I had two of them straight from the bottle, and didn't noticed the flaws until i poured the third bottle into a glass. Overall it wasn't that bad, but could be better. I wouldn't go out of my way for this brew."
"First one, not very drinkable but after a few I could see it getting easier."
"A dark copper color with no head or lacing evident. Smells of a flat caramel malt, sweet. Taste is thin, aqueous, consistent with the smell. Some biscuit, somewhat flat with very tiny carbonation. Has a bit of that cardboard quality but not horrible. It's drinkable, a touch of some cereal qualities. Quite sweet and on the refreshing side I guess. Not one to recommend but nothing to pour down the drain necessarily. I would drink this on a hot day for lack of any quality competition. It's doable."
"To my surprise, it's a fairly tasty little malty drink. Sweet and malty, though the slight flash of hops on the aftertaste seem a bit underwhelming. The soft, smoothness of the liquid almost makes up for it, making this by far the most drinkable beer from this brewery I've tried."
"Cheers"
"Much thicker than I expected for this style. Has a bubbly little bit of carbonation at the end. Would make a very nice six-pack, if you like this style. This actually one of the more pleasant malty concoctions I've had in some time. Nothing remarkable, but a welcome brew."
"Overall, not a bad beer. Nothing spectacular but I've definitely had worse."
"Beer #2 of the beers of America historical collection. This beer just seems like a slighty different tasting macro brew to me. Nothing obviously wrong with it, just not much good to say about it either."
"Barbary Coast Gold Rush Style Beer was amber in color with an off-white head. The head was large to start with, but within a few minutes only a thin layer remained. The aroma was mainly malt. The taste was good, a malt base with good hop flavor and a little bitterness. The body and carbonation were medium. Good drinkability. Good beer."
"After not having had a bottle in several years, I've forgotten what Anchor Steam tastes like. It's hard for me to believe that Barbary Coast Gold Rush is better beer than the originator of the style, but it's a tasty, drinkable little creation that does the style proud. I hope the rest of this 'historical collection' are at least as good."
"Pours a clear amber with just a ring of head. The smell isn't very pleasant or strong. Light scents of malt and rotting apples. The taste consists of sour malt flavors with some hints of hops trying come out...but they just can't. Very thin body that is fairly flat with a slightly dry finish. Not impressed by this brew at all...at least I only bought one to try."
"Tastes very much like it smells. Dull, lots of fruit, with almost no hop to speak of. Where's the kick? Where's the high carbonation crispness that makes a good Common Steamer so darn drinkable. This body tastes pasteurized, too smooth and flat. If I didn't know better I'd swear this was a shitty import. Instead, it's a shitty domestic."
"12 oz bottle poured out an amber color. It had a small head that didn't last long. It smelled of malt and cloves. Those flavors were joined by a caramel taste while drinking it. The mouthfeel was fairly smooth and crisp. It is relatively drinkable, but in terms of California Commons it doesn't compare to Anchor Steam."
"-Oelergud"
"Overall Impression: A pretty good beer! Overall, fairly mild, but enough flavor to keep it interesting. Drinkability is very good. I was a little worried about the package gift thing, but this first impression has me interested in the rest!"
"Surprisingly malty for a steam beer, this beer lacked anything to make it memorable. Overall rather bland."
"The beer pours an amber color with a thick frothy offwhite head that slowly fades to lacing. The aroma is good. It has a semi-sweet, malty scent that boasts of pale, crystal, and bisquit malts. It's also dry with a lager yeast fruitiness. The taste is decent. It has a light, yet malty flavor that goes down easily and finishes dry with breadlike notes. It has a light caramel flavor that is quite quaffable. The mouthfeel is fine. It is a low bodied beer with good carbonation. This is a damn good drinking beer. It's not the best around, but it goes down smooth. I got this as part of a seasonal sampler, so I'll look forward to having this again next year."
"This was more interesting than I expected. A pretty decent choice if you're jonesing for a sweeter brew."
"Mouthfeel is medium bodied and a bit creamy. Goes down clean and smooth. This brew just doesn't really grab me and I can't see myself really wanting more. This came from the American Beer twelve pack..I'll be interested to see what the other brews bring."
"A good thirst quenching brew."
"This beer pours an amber color with a frothy head. There is a faint smell of sweet barley. The taste is also mild and sweet barley. The mouthfell is a little harsh on the carbonation but is fairly good. Overall it is an easy beer to drink and not that bad at all."
"Preseentation: Packaged in a twelve ounce brown glass longneck bottle with a twist-off crown, served in a standard pint tap glass."
"An odd brew."
"Pours with a loud tall sand colored head of small and medium bubbles that quickly reduces to a smattering of head dust. Light amber in color with minimal carbonation streams. Smells of sweet grain. Taste is sweet up front with a slightly bitter finish. Light body and light mouthfeel. Nothing too distinctive and there are definitely better Steam beers available."
"This is pretty close to good, and it is drinkable, but the finish just shears it apart."
"Not a bad offering, yet nothing spectacular either. Poured out to a medium red color with a small 1/8 inch head of foam. No lacing noted. Aromas of malts and caramel. Taste was decent and enjoyable; caramel, roasted malts and a touch of raw molasses were present. Some grain on the finish. Mouthfeel was bland, kind of watery. Drinkability was average. Not a bad Amber, but not one I would seek out again. Worth a try."
"My fourth selection from the Beers of America Collection. Poured a medium amber color with white puffy head. Smell presents a bit of caramel and some sweetness. Taste is more caramel with some sweet fruitiness. Finish is more malt sweetness but not much else. Another misddle of the road beer. So far, except for the porter, I think they may have put different labels on the some beers."
"Overall: Eck! Not so great. As ambers go, I'd rather have a Yuengling any day of the week."
"Poured a crystal clear medium amber with a 2 finger head that faded rather quickly but has good lace. Decent malt aroma, a bit smokey perhaps. Watery and a bit sour. Leaves a weird bitterness on the sides of your tounge. Dry. High carbonation and not very drinkable. A poor attempt at an amber. I hope the other 5 are not as bad. I shoul know by now not to get sucked in by marketing - I guess I am just curious."
"Pours a dark copper, auburnish color. Golden around the sides. Very little head even though I gave a vigorous pour. Thin cap across the top. I really liked the color but the lack of head and lacing is disappointing. Aroma is weak but caramelly and toasty. A fruity sweetness begins the taste with apple notes. Caramel sugars come in next and then a more sour flavor follows. Hops seem to be there but too weak and I can't really discern a flavor. A little soapy in the mouth too. Finish is medicinal and kills what may have been good from this beer. Starts out decent but goes down from there. Also, the pamphlet that came with this said it was a steam beer which is a joke. I should mark it much lower if the brewers were trying to make a steam beer out of this. But I'll keep the ratings as is for it being an amber."
"Part of the limited edition Beers of America collection. This one pours a brilliant amber color with a finger of head that seens to want to stay around on top of the beer. The nose is slightly caramel sweet with a fairly grainey character. The flavor is right there with the nose. The caramel malt is a bit more prevalent and hte grainey quality is more subdued, but not all that bad. The feel is a touch light for me, wih a rather hearty carbonation. Overall, this is rather plain. The flavors could use a little hop to back it up. I would like a bit more body as well. I grabbed this set because I recently toured the Huber brewery and wanted to see what this was all about."
"Poursa medium amber with a small head that quickly vanishes. Aroma is slight, malty, grainy, maybe a touch of roastiness. Flavor is mostly roasted malts with a non-descript hop follow through. A little off-tasting, but nothing I can put my finger on (just not well balanced?). As my girlfriend would say, ""it's beer"". Not exciting, not terrible. Drinkable, but not memorable."
"Pours an amber color with a small head that doesn't stay around long and doesn't leave any lacing on the glass. The aroma is nothing special. A little malt and a little hops, pretty plain. The flavor has a caramel malt character, but seems really watered down. Hmm. Flavor would be ok, if they wouldn't use so much water. Nothing to see here."
"Part of the 12 bottle American Beer History Collection Californea. Dubbed a 1894 style/Gold Rush style it proports to be a California common/steam beer. The appearance is a tawney copper. It is clear in the strong sunlite of my beautiful 62F Mid Missouri January Thaw day. Aroma is sweet maybe malt but very light - I poured it at 45 F and its flavors favor warmer temps (55-60 F) Hops are detectable in the flavor, but not in the finish. Mouthfeel is somewhat thin but well carbonated, although I got little or no head on the first half. Will finish the second half when the BBQ burgers come off the grill. On a fine day like this in Mid Winter - roll out the grill have a brew and Seize the Day!"
"My final beer from the American Beer History Collection. The pamphlet that come with the collection says this is a Californea common/steam beer. The appearance is carmel amber with weak head. Aroma is lightly malty and somewhat generic. Flavor is lightly malty also with pronounced wateriness. If this is a steam beer it could only be described as very watered down Anchor Steam. Drinkability is okay, for a beer this dark in color it works well as a thrist quencher."
"Poured a clear copper carmel color, a little layer of head stays, but not too much. Smells slightly malty, but nothing that storong, no trace of hops in the nose. Hops are a little more present in the flavor, but this beer isn't that outstanding in any way. Mouthfeel is thin and moderately carbonated. OK beer, at best."
"Translucent cherry-amber hue. Smallish, slightly off-white head, poor retention, almost no lace. Unremarkable nose, some malt, hints of fruity-ester, minimal hops profile. Tasty, decent malt foundation, noticeable hops for balance and light citrusy-bitterness. Simple yet agreeable, very drinkable. I enjoyed Barbary Coast very much, its as good as any Amber Lager I have tried."
