review_text
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
"This one is not worth me drinking really, and i do not think it will."
""
"D: Complex and at the same time not really easy to drink."
"T: Very nice. subtle and easy going. A simple and enjoyable beer."
"D- Easy to down, and a pretty good choice for people into fully natural beer. I didn't mind this, but wasn't blown away."
"Pours a golden amber with a foamy off-white head that laces well. The aroma's very subdued, picking up faint hints of grain and floral hops. Caramel malt becomes more apparent in the nose as it warms. The flavour is predominantly caramel/biscuity malt and a slightly bitter finish from the floral hops. The mouthfeel is alot crisper and less creamy than I expected, but is altogether quite enjoyable."
"Drink - The beer could be promising with a few adjustments. It lacks severely in the flavour department."
"I've seen this on the LCBO shelves for a bit now and finally decided to pick one up as it sounded interesting. Pours a golden colour that starts with fluffy white head that quickly dissipated. Smells of faint floral hops with some earthiness to it. Taste has a very mild bitterness, much less than expected. Little bit of hops and bread in the flavour. Not a bad beer, but not worth the price it is in Ontario when you can get Fuller's for cheaper."
"Mellow, slightly hoppy flavor with good character and depth. Nicely balanced malts. Well crafted. A good session beer to kick back on an afternoon of cricket or football."
"Overall - a decent attempt, but boring. Ultimately it does nothing to endear itself"
"D: Very drinkably. Makes a good pint for a warm day after work."
"Drinkability: Simple, subtle, but easy to drink, it's a satisfactory beer to wile away the time with. So about as much as anything rolling out of Wychwood aspires to be."
"Tastes similar to the nose, hops are a little more pronounced, caramel and buttered toast (i think that's what it is). Nothing to really keep coming back to in my opinion."
"Pours a tan to orange color with modest head, and a bit of haze. Nose has some black tea & herbal components, with maybe a hint of orange. On the palate the tea flavor returns with some apple cidery flavors, and a modest amount of hop bitterness to balance the sweetness. Creamy mouthfeel with nice carbonation, and rather easy drinking."
"This is a bit too bitter for my American palate. I did enjoy this beer, but more than one would be out of the question. I have many more Belgians lying in wait to satisfy my need for sour."
"Picked up a 500 ml bottle at LCBO. Cool barley and hop art illustrated on the bottle, let's give it a whirl. Popping the top yields a funky aging cheese smell with a metallic twinge. Pours to a gold colour with a slight reddish tint. The head is off white and fades quickly. Taste is quite basic, good malt backbone, bitterness starts slow then builds into a dull bitter aftertaste. No big hop bite, actually quite balanced. I was expecting more, kind of disappointed. Not a brew I would seek out in the future. Basic by all means. On the second pour out of the bottle this beer improved dramatically, it is on target for the style, but in my opinion still just an average brew."
"Not an offensive brew, fairly easy drinking, just a bit dull."
"Very drinkable, all things considered, with enough interest to keep me titillated. It's not a beer that is going to cause me apoplexy or fanaticism, but it's smooth, easy-drinking and inoffensive."
"D: Drinks pretty easily, as you'd expect for a bitter."
"Poured into an imperial nonic a brilliant bronze with aminimal white head,nice rich clarity.Big fruity malts in the nose along with some caramel/biscuit,a light toastiness is in there as well.If you life malt tilted English ESB's this is for you,fruity as all get out,(green apple mainly), with a tinge of vanilla and caramel,a passing leafy hop comes in late.Its bigtime quaffable and subtle,like it should be."
"The bottles I have are not ESB.... certainly a fine EPA, but I don't get the attributes of previous posters. But I do get a fair ale, regardless. Not bad, Your Highness."
"This beer pours a cloudy amber with little head, and there is very little head retention. This beer has a pronounced caramel flavor, with some very faint sweetness underneath. It tastes mainly of caramel with very little carbonation. The mouthfeel is light and refreshing, and I could see this being a pretty good session beer."
"Overall: This one leaves me wanting of another to validate the experience--enjoyable and yet so swiftly gone. Was the beer that good? Or that ignorable? I will admit my sense of tast has been eluding me lately, so in all fairness, this one might need another review after a trip to the doctor's (honestly)... for now, I can say thatI'm in a better place having drained it..."
"D - Quite good, this is an excellent example of the style, and it is only pleasant that it is organic as well."
"Overall, quite enjoyable beer."
"D -- Highly drinkable due to character and flavor, and the 5% makes this sessionable enough for a few imperial pints."
"Libation: Very smooth, clean, and drinkable. The flavor profile is not as complex as I'd like, but it's quite good for the style. I'd be interested in trying the other Duchy organics if not necessarily this one again. It's very sessionable and I guess the organic aspect is good also."
"T- It has a thick alcohol taste to it. It's carbonated, malty...actually very malty, rich beer."
"All in all this is a very nice easy drinking beer with a good balance of flavours. I feel more British with every sip."
"D: Overall a solid brew. It's pretty crisp and refreshing. I can picture drinking one or two on a hot summer day. I just wish there was a little more flavor to go along with the other nice characteristics."
"A top-notch example of the style, that's very sessionable and most interesting, plus it's organic, promotes sustainability and profits a worthy cause to boot. It's brewed for HRH The Prince of Wales's Duchy Originals (duchyoriginals.com), with profits donated to HRH's Charitable Foundations. Made with organic barley, including some from the Home Farm at Highgrove (princeofwales.gov.uk)--the country home of HRH."
"The taste was fairly bland, fizzy, mid-dry, the malts and hops are there but neither grabs the beer by the neck and sorts it out. The 5.0% ABV doesn't feature or show in any way, the body suffers because of that, it seemed watery and lacking in the creamy, rich stakes. Drinkable, but a mild disappointment."
"good beer overall....personally not impressed with the whole organic thing since the whole organic thing is not that impressive since that I am not that impressed with...oh never mind. I believe this beer was much more stout than I was looking for but I truely can say that do not hold out too much for this, as you would a fat tire in oklahoma."
"For some reason, I didn't find this as drinkable as I thought it would be. By the end of the glass I was good to see it gone, and I'm not sure why. Perhaps its simply that while its better than most bitters, its still not that interesting. I've always found this style to be one of the best for the cask format, and one of the worst for the bottled. In the glass, the beer seems stripped of all vitality without the added depth that cask conditioning brings. A lot of American examples make up for this by deviating from the style, and increasing the hopping, but the English stay true to the template and the beer suffers accordingly."
"As for drinkability... good! I wouldn't pound back a bunch of them, but I'd have a few if offered the opportunity."
"A smooth clean bitter, mild all around but that's what it's all about. Worth revisiting again, although not overwhelmingly memorable."
"D: A great bitter any time of day/year. excellently priced if you live in ontario as well."
"A decent ESB overall, but nothing to write home about. In comparison to other organic ales I have tried, however, this is pretty good stuff."
"D_ESB is a style I really like when done well. Duchy Originals is a good but not great example of it. The hop variety (not sure which ones) seem somewhat out of place here. Still an enjoyable brew and worth a shot."
"A perfectly decent bitter. And ""Suitable for Vegetarians"" , unlike most beer, which contains meat. Maybe it's just my anti-Monarchist views and dislike for Charlie's architectural meddling, and even worse, his new age nonsense, but we really should not be buying this. It's okay to shoplift it though."
"Pours a clear reddish/brown with a thin tan head. Smell is of ripe fruit, a hint of sourness, and an English yeast strain. Taste is malty up front, with a grape like middle, and a earthy bitterness. A touch of sourness and saltyness in the aftertaste. Mouthfeel is good, low carbonation levels, appropriate to the style. Drinkability is very good, a good example of an English Ale, though there are better examples out there, this one is worth trying."
"Overall this is a solid beer that I think is a bit closer to an English Pale Ale. Whatever it is, it isn't great but it's worth a shot for an organic beer."
"Mouthfeel - Good body and moderate-low carbonation as it should have."
"A nice creamy mouthfeel and somewhat drinkable, although I wouldn't buy this again."
"The appearance as I poured this one was a cloudy brown with a thin head that dissolved quickly. It had a faint scent of sugary bread like an old cake. The taste was very smooth and very drinkable. Overall this was a good ale that is worth trying if you happen to come across it."
"This is OK. Not awesome, not horrible...OK. Drinks easily enough; nothing I'll seek out actively but I don't mind it too terribly much."
"This isn't my favorite beer of all time to be sure, but it's hard to make a strong case against it."
"The fact that its organic doesn't really matter much to me, but what this beer lacks in overall complexity it makes up for in mouthfeel and in its bitter dry finish. This is not a bad session beer, but nothing really to get too excited about."
"Smooth mouthfeel and flavours worth savouring make this a pretty drinkable bitter. Sessionable at 5%ABV."
"D - A pretty average english ale, perhaps a bit on the dry side. There is nothing to complain about here; it is a bit dull, but that is really par for the style."
"This Ale is typical of it's style, everything that should be there, is there. A solid choice."
"This beer has quickly become one of my favourites. I am not particularly drawn to organic, but this beer has caused me to seek out others that are similar. This pours nice with and produces a 1 inch head, settling into slight fine foam. I liked that it wasn't clear, giving it a little rustic look. The hops were exceptional with a leaning towards another favourite kentish ale. Served at 41 Degrees F. The second tasted better then the first. A very satisfying beer that will earn further fans."
"Nice bitter. Got this bottle at Sam's in Chicago a couple of weeks ago. Poured with a medium tan head that settled down to a partial thin cover and a little lace. Color is a clear nice medium honey amber. Aroma is tropical fruits at first then a little hoppy, malty, and burnt sugar. Flavor's very similar, but more dominant burnt sugar, and hops. Good carbonation and mouth. Nice bittersweet finish. Session beer."
"Doesn't quite pull the entire package together as well as some ESB's...still worth a try."
"Medium dark-brown in color, similar to cloudy iced tea, with a tan head. Somewhat smoky aroma along with some yeasty background and a small amount of fruit. The taste was boozier than I expected given the style and the ABV, and the alcohol covered up most of the flavor. Some malt managed to sneak through, but not enough flavor of any kind managed to survive. There are better British ales available in the U.S."
"D: This is a beer that you can either drink nice and quickly or let it sit and let it open itself up. Not too complex, but everything comes together very well."
"I could definitely drink another of these and at 5% it's certainly not going to affect me too adversely. Nice light summer beer - nothing too complex going on."
"Dr. It doesn't have an outstanding or unusual flavor/taste, but it's very good and goes down very easily. I could drink this often."
"Overall:This is something I could see having on the golf course on a nice Spring afternoon. Light enough to drink while being active, yet interesting enough to remember. The fact that it's organic, uses barely grown on the Prince of Wales' home farm, and goes to charity makes it a keeper in my book!"
"Pours a cloudy orange red body, dark. Foamy whitish colored head, diminishing. Sweet fruit aroma. Very dusty musty English smelling aroma. Watery, not carbonated honey taste. Sweet tasting but not sickly palate, or taste. Very English tasting."
"D: Easy drinker, Nicely balanced ale."
"High marks for drinkability. I could definitely handle this one as a session beer on a warm day. Wish I had another bottle."
"Have to say, this was a damn good beer - I was quite disappointed to finish it, as it was my only one."
"D - This is a session brew of the highest order. I can imagine sitting in an old woody pub and sipping a few pints on a rainy day. Maybe with a plowman's plate loaded with stilton and some buttered crumbly bread. Good stuff."
"Future outlook: This was OK and completely unoffensive, but there are too many much better choices to pick from to go back to this one by choice."
"D- Pretty decent beer that I would buy again."
"7/4/7/4/14 (3.6/5)"
"Drinkability: An interesting beer, glad I was given the opportunity to try it. Fairly solid, though a little heavy on the fruity esters for my tastes (is that just an unavoidable English thing?). Nice that it's organic, too, and the alcohol is both manageable and well hidden, so it's solidly drinkable."
"Dull hazy copper with a one finger beige head that doesn't stick around. The nose is pretty nice, some toasty/caramel maltiness with green apple tartness. Hay and earthy/floral hops are hanging out in the background. The flavors seem a bit muted, biscuity malts with a lemongrass twang and a lingering earthy bitterness. Medium in body without much carbonation, so it is rather smooth going down and finishes long and dry. Smooth, mild, and refreshing but lacking a bit in flavor."
"Overall, a very well crafted and balanced ale. A fair amount of depth and it certainly opens up the more it warms. All organic and the profits are donated to charity, so that is certainly something as well. I enjoyed this beer, and it will definitely be getting this somewhat regularly to savor and enjoy. I do wish it was available in 6-packs instead of only singles. Check it out!"
"D- pros and cons, but nonetheless a tasty very clean beer with a non offensive profile. i bet the prince drinks this out of the bottle when he scoops up some bitches and goes sailing."
"Nice dark gold almost brown colour with a tight head. The nose is fairly malty with some hops in the background. Nice to see the use of organic elements in this beer. This is malt forward drinking ale with some complexity. Let it warm up and enjoy with food. The mouthfeel is full bodied and makes you want another bottle. Nice beer."
"Nice carbonation, but a strong alcohol character and a noticeable aftertaste on this one. Regardless, a good beer and worth buying again."
"All done right."
"The drink is light-medium bodied and smooth with a slightly astringent finish reminiscent of strong black tea. The beer features very good drinkability, and is a particularly excellent pairing with a link of spicy pork sausage on wheat bread with yellow mustard."
"Tasted on 6/18/08."
"Quite drinkable and very refreshing on what has become a warm and sunny evening."
"D: This is an uneven beer. It has its good qualities, but when it comes to the taste, it could be better."
"500mL bottle purchased from LCBO in Toronto. Pours an attractive, slightly clouded dark copper. Very little head. Mild, typical English pale ale aroma. The flavour is also rather typically English - and decent. Mild hoppiness, well balanced, low carbonation."
"D: Drinkabibily is good, nice dry flowery hop makes for a good English ale that is good in multiples."
"The taste is a solid ""bitter"" flavour, bittersweet with beautiful sweetness and bitterness in great balance, clean, crisp. It tastes of toast with pine, hints of toffee, earth, nuts, and fruit."
"D: Great beer for session drinking. A nice representation, my only gripe is the aftertaste."
"Nice, standard, sessionable ESB."
"Flavor is a little bit bland, with a hard mineral character and lots of sticky sweet malts. Hops are assertive but somewhat unclear in particular flavor. The pleasant floral notes from the nose aren't there. While the mouthfeel is nicely thick and chewy, the flavor doesn't raise this one much above average."
"A decent session ale."
"A very nice representation of they style, and also nice to see a beer that is both organic and whose sale contributes to charity. Pours a slightly hazy amber with a good head that fades to a thin cap and leaves some lacing. Looks true to style. Smells earthy, slightly coppery, quite rounded, and with somenice soft hops intermingling with the firm, light malt. Taste is similar. Very well integrated and balanced and with more of the typical metallic earthiness, soft hops, and roundedness. Mouthfeel is soft but with a subtle bite at the eend. Very drinkable and quite nice indeed."
"A very nice and easy drinking organic,"
"Two other great things going for this beer. 1) Organic 2) Profits go to charity. Drink up!"
"d: decent; overall it was a little disappointed w/ the organic beers i have tried so far; although always a good idea to support organic"
"Don't know much about English Ales but this is rather bland and I think it needs a bit more punch wether it be alcohol or hops."
"From a 1 pint, .09 fl oz bottle copped in Morris County, NJ, this ""Organic English Ale"" pours an apricot-colored hue with minimal head... smell is of fresh hops and flowers with a crisp, clear, inviting taste that is both refreshing and appealing... the clear and natural organic taste is certainly present, as this beer goes down as smooth as water without a trace of sedatives or bitterness.... can definitely see this as a good session brew, although its superior quality certainly warrants respect.... a good represenation of the style, worthy of recognition and definitely worth a try... good flavor, crisp, refreshing, satisfying, and wholeseome... Recommended..."
"Overall, not a bad beer, but nothing in it that stands out as one to get again. I wouldnt mind having it again, but there are plenty out there that i would take above it, including from the same brewery."
"Pours a small head and a very murky copper color. Somewhat sweet smelling, with hints of caramel and butterscotch. The exceptionally bitter hop flavor hits you at the back of the throat. I certainly like that sensation, but I don’t taste very many other flavors at all. Only after the beer starts to warm a bit do I start to taste hints of malt on the sides of the tongue, a bit reminiscent of a carbonated cola. I suppose there’s nothing really wrong with this beer, but I expect more from an ESB and I wish there were something to attract me besides the admittedly attractive fact that it’s organic."
"D = Not at the top of my ESB list, but would definitely drink again if offered."
"Pours a caramel color with a slight red tone to it. Smell has a barley tone to it with a mild sweet edge to it. Taste is somewhat interesting with a pronounced barley flavor to it. It has a frothy mouth to it that feels good. You could drink a lot in a sitting and it is worth trying, but I have to say I doubt this is the finest example of the style."
"Drinkability: Not quite sure what to make of this, to be honest; some have hated it for its awkward mineral and medicinal flavors; while I can't say I truly enjoyed them, I did appreciate the direction the beer was heading, and tip my hat to the brewer's creativity"
"Pours a dark shade of copper and a small beige cap of large bubbles, looks thickish. Aromas of honey sweetness, slight caramel, light florals, and some slight funk on the horse blanket side. A distinct perfumy herbal note catches you midway and initially is hard to shake loose but soon becomes very enjoyable. Toasted grains, toffee notes at a nice level and balanced well with some mild hops that has delicate notes of pepper, tea herbals, florals and a faint pine. Finishes pretty mildly with a slight twang, woodsy. Smooth mouthfeel for a light body. An easy drinker and seemingly parable to a variety of foods. I appreciate the subtlety given to this, Its nice to have something thats not punching me in the grill with every sip."
"Pours a mild amber color with a smallish head. Aroma is mainly just malt, somewhat fruity. I can't detect much else. Taste is strong and bitter upfront but fades into a fruity/malty aftertaste that lingers. I don't detect ""paint thinner"" like one reviewer though. Just tastes average for the style. A decent ESB that gets the job done if nothing else."
" Not a bad organic ale from England and the proceeds go to charity I guess so that's a good thing."
"M&D: softly-carbonated, med-bodied, juice-like on the texture... all befit a fresh cask ale. All in all, the performance is better than the bottled version, and quite delicious as a cross b/w Pale Ale and Best Bitter."
"Opinion: This is a pretty decent beer, and probably one of the better ESB's that I have had. I like the balance, and though the water has a significant amount of minerals, it doesn't rake across your palate like chalk. I would drink this beer again."
"Drinkability- It's not horrible."
"Overall Impression: Very delicate, clean, crisp and refreshing. A ""session"" beer. I could drink about 9 pints of this beer. Well brewed."
"With the second pour, I'm getting a slight haze and the flavours are still holding my interest. I'm glad I picked up this bottle. :^) Good stuff!"
"Muddy brown iced tea like appearance. Little to no head. Lightly sweet aroma balanced by a lemon herb. Aroma is subtle, but very nice. Taste is grainy with the crystal malt balancing the bit of tannic bitterness present. Just a hint of apricot. Mild bitterness in the finish lingers on the side of the tongue well into the aftertaste. A good organic product and states that the profits are donated to the Prince of Wales’s charitable foundation."
"I would have to say that I thought this was one the better examples of an ESB or Bitter that I've had to date. Highly recommend trying it!"
"Bottle: Poured a deep slightly cloudy amber ale with a nice foamy head with average retention. Aroma of fresh English hops is quite interesting with nice dose of light caramel malt. Taste is quite dry with some English hops coming out quite clearly with a nice base of English caramel malt. Body is full for the style with some adequate carbonation."
"Too fizzy and a tad slick on the finish. Just an OK bitter."
"mellow."
"16.9fl oz bottle poured into a pint glass. Pours a slightly hazy amber color with a nice creamy off-white head that possesses good retention and lacing. The aroma is rather faint with bready malt, some dark fruits and a touch of caramel. The taste much like the aroma is dominated by the malt with some faint metallic notes running in the background. Overall, I found this to be a pretty good brew that I wouldn't mind having again. I don't think I would want to drink more than one in a sitting as I would probably get bored with it pretty quickly. Definately worth a try."
"Pours a clear amber, soapy off white head, disappears pretty quick, minimal lacing. Smell is sweet, citrus, some spice, slight funk, some floral, not very interesting. Taste is very fruity, some peaches, wheat, bready, dry finish, very mild flavour although nothing offensive. Mouthfeel is light to medium bodied with low carbonation, pretty refreshing. Nothing out of the ordinary, but decently refreshing, not bad at all."
"Nothing to write home about, fairly forgettable beer."
"I don't know why this has received such negative ratings, as I rather enjoyed it. It poured a red copper colour with a two-finger sand coloured head that died down to a frosty blanket in a few seconds. Smell was both sweet malt and nice, earthy hops. The sweet malts had a warm toasted grain smell to them with a bit of English toffee, almost reminding me of an English Barleywine. Almost. The taste was rather sweet, as well, at first, then turning pleasantly bitter. I rather enjoyed this ale; much more than I thought I would, actually, based on other reviews. I would likely buy this again."
"-Oelergud"
"Organic certification is a very good thing, but you're still wasting resources and doing the environment a disservice brewing a beer that isn't worth buying. While the contents of my glass are worth finishing, and helping charity and Mother Earth are both worthy causes, I can't see donating my liver or money to this beer again."
"This is OK, nothing spectacular. It could use a cleaner malt profile and heftier hops."
"A nice session beer, and probably the best of the Spring release that I've had so far."
"Overall I like it and I'll drink it again. It would go well with something like a deli sandwich."
"Slightly hoppy nose, but not a big aroma. Drinks well, big dose of hops, a touch of fruitiness, pleasant lingering bitterness. Overall an enjoyable beer begging to be paired with a good lunch. Worth a try."
"D - Very drinkable, solid beer. I don't know that being organic makes any difference though..."
"Generous head and lacing. Fresh, The hophead dose of a double IPA in a 5% beer. Much higher IBU tasting than a typical English bitter or IPA style. Hop leaf taste, grassy, mildly astringent, some malt and bitterness in a long aftertaste. Offset was beery cheese aroma."
"D: Quite good."
"Drinkability- Classic ESB. Would have liked the hop flavor to last a bit longer. Otherwise it's quite nice and sessionable. One of the better organic ales I have tried."
"Pleasant mouthfeel + decent malt/hop backbone leads to an overall enjoyable beer experience. Nothing spectacular present here, though definitely worth a look."
"I had no idea this was a Wychwood beer until I read the fine print. Wow. Anyway, mine’s labeled ""English Ale", but I’m pretty sure this is the same beer. Mine poured a ruddy, rusty orage with a wet, bumpy head. The aroma is very airy, but bittersweet, almost sour, musty, and honey-like. The same impression carries to the flavors ... slightly sour, almost citrusy, but like a blood orange, rindy, and while short of puckery, a bit tart. (#2707, 2/15/2007)"
"This should be a good beer, but sorry, I just don't like it."
"D: super easy going. not a whole lot of flavor+light body+low alcohol= easy drinkin. not very interesting though so im pretty sure this one will be it."
"Overall Impression: Not a bad beer. I wonder how long it too to get to me here in Texas. I’d like to try a fresh bottle to see if the nagging flaw was age induced or not. Regardless, this beer has some nice qualities. Seems a bit hoppy for an English Ale, which moves it toward higher scores in my book."
"Unexceptional ale, probably the least of the Wychwoods I've had. Like Sam Smith, their organic line seems decidedly inferior to the non-organic beers."
"The beer poured a clear reddish orange with minimal head. The nose is malty sweet with floral hop scents and some fruity notes (baked apple). The taste is caramel malt delicately balanced by the English hops. It is light bodied with low carbonation and very smooth. The finish is only ever so mildly bitter. This is a true English session beer, but beware of the 5% ABV. It's real easy to drink a lot of this."
"Drinkablility/notes: Very pleasant and quaffable session beer, but the fact that the beer uses organic ingredients seems like a marketing gimmick."
"500 ml bottle, with best before dating of 13 oct 07. Expensive stuff at over $4 per bottle, this one pours a rich shade of reddish, dark almond amber, clear. Moderate retention is noted on the light tan head. Moderate loose and then quickly sliding lacing. Sweet green apple nose. This is a Brit style ale, on the sweet side, and a bit thin taste wise, needs some hops IMHO. The fact thats its made from organic ingrediants has a fancy label and all the proceeds go to ""the Prince's of Wales Charitable Trust", doesn't make this any more then an almost decent sessioner, but not much else. I wouldn't spend over $4 for this again..."
"Update - I caught a lot more malt in this 2009 vintage. It's a nice, drinkable ale that is still hell to look at."
"D: The solid crafting of this restrained brew make for one that will satisfy without sating for a dangerously long time. The price and my own stock of homebrew is what keeps this from becoming a standard house brew."
"Pours a small head and a very murky copper color. Somewhat sweet smelling, with hints of caramel and butterscotch. The exceptionally bitter hop flavor hits you at the back of the throat. I certainly like that sensation, but I don’t taste very many other flavors at all. Only after the beer starts to warm a bit do I start to taste hints of malt on the sides of the tongue, a bit reminiscent of a carbonated cola. I suppose there’s nothing really wrong with this beer, but I expect more from an ESB and I wish there were something to attract me besides the admittedly attractive fact that it’s organic."
"Amber hue with a small head with good lacing and retention. For a beer I'm so fond of, the smell comes as little of a let down when reviewing it, with some sherbety citrus hops. But the taste is beautifully balanced hops and caramel-biscuit malt. Not particularly strong flavours, but great easy everyday drinking. I can ask for little more from the lovely fine carbonation and creamy mouthfeel. A great summer bitter. I'll have another please, Your Royal Highness."
"Murky copper body with a finger of off-white head. Smells like malt and Enlish hops. Tastes malty with a fair bit of hops. Rather well-ballanced. Flavor is not overpowering... Medium bodied... Rather tasty IMO. A solid ale. Definitely see myself getting this one again..."
"Mouthfeel is medium, crisp and clean. Not terribly complex but very satisfying, not even a hint of off flavors. An organic beer that is head and shoulders above other organics I've tried."
"my girlfriend picked this one out for me on the basis that it was organic. figured i'd give it a go. pours golden copper with a slight head that goes away fairly quickly. hardly any smell to this beer, maybe it's me but it just kind of smells like beer. taste is fairly smooth. pretty well balanced with some slight fruit notes coming through in the end. decent enough beer, something i'd certainly try again, but not something that is the object of fantasies."
"Nice. The beer pours a paler-than-expected straw to light copper color with a light haze. Very nice carbonation, retention, and lacing. Smells quite fruity and not as malty / caramelly as anticipated. A bold hop aroma gives off earthy and grassy notes. Tastes malty with pilsner-type malts and never shows Brittish pale malt, caramel, toasty flavors. Shows nearly tart apple and appricot flavors. Follows up with ripe oranges and lemons. Much more fruity than I expected. A strong grassy hop flavor ties it all together from sip to finish. Otherwise, a beer with segmented flavors that needs melding. Clean and crisp in the finish with a light lingering citrus and hop note."
"This is one of those ales for which it is greater than the sum of its parts. If you detest Ringwood yeast as some do then do not buy this ale you will be very angry. If you like Ringwood yeast then you will probably love this."
"Great package, classy label. Rich amber copper color. crisp foamy head that hangs around for a good long while. not much to the nose, a touch of florals, a bit of citric acid. surpreme maltiness, hoppiness finishes the sip with a dryness that brings it all together. you could drink this beer all day long. great beer."
"Pours a brilliant amber in color, with a tan head of impressive duration and excellent lacing. Nose is subtle but inviting, and combined with the first sip is reminiscent of the British Mild style: definitely a mild, malt-forward brew, with a hint of subtle aromatic and bittering hops. Mouthfeel is smooth, even delicate, and perfect for the style. Restrained bitterness along with a very subtle yeast tang (ala a Nut Brown) highlight the flavor profile. Bitterness, although slight, lingers very nicely. This brew is all about balance, and is one of the most immediately impressive organic brews, one that I would buy and recommend to others time and time again. A very, very good brew, perfect for sessioning."
"average beer...being organic makes it slightly above."
"Very refreshing beer. This would be perfect on a hot day."
"Bleh! I don't like the pin prick carbonation here. It feels like mineral water. This overwhelms the rather subtle but pleasant herbal flavour which is not as sweet as the nose would suggest. This beer is largely ruined by the carbonation, and at 10% of the total score, my rating will inevitably fail to recognise the magnitude of this weakness."
"It's very flavorful - as a whole, reminds me of a gently spiked caramel apple. But, it does have it's flaws. The appearance could be better (more of a head, especially), and it could use a fuller body. Still in all, a good brew that I buy on occassion because it's something different from England and has a nice, unique taste."
"A ""round"" ale that goes down easily. While it may not be complex, it is easily quaffed. I am reminded of Samuel Smith's Pale Ale on this one."
"Sample at AleFest Dayton: This beer is a pale clear amber color with a medium off-white head with decent retention. Thin, spotty lacing. Bready malt aroma. Medium-bodied with earthy, slightly stale malt flavor, along with some caramel. The finish is malty and metallic, with a sweet aftertaste. Not very enjoyable."
"Mmmmm...."
"Overall I am very pleased with this delicious brew. I was not expecting it to be so well balanced. This beer would be great on cask."
"500ml brown bottle with coded unintelligible freshness date. Pours transparent copper with insignificant film and light lace. Medium floral and leafy hops in the nose. Nice toasted caramel and biscuit malt flavors with gentle drying mineral water and hop finish. Body balances carbonation with medium creaminess. Not at all complex, but easy-drinking and enjoyable as a session beer. One of the better offerings from Wychwood."
"i have a tendency to slant my gazes in beer stores toward the american and belgian brews, but it's nice to grab a good ESB like this periodically"
"Duchy Originals Organic English Ale pours almost the same color brown as the bottle with an off white head from a one pint and nine tenths ounces bottle. Malt is noticeable in the aroma and just a bit of hops. Good malt/hop balance, but the finish is less than great, being a bit metallic. Not bad, not exciting either, just kind of average. Worth a try."
"Picked up from Beers of the World in Rochester, this brew has a classy label and a nice appearance. It’s a slightly amber tawny color (very clear) with a shallow dull-white head. Fairly low carbonation. The aroma is a mix of fruit and roasted malts: toast and bread crust, caramel, apple and dried fruits. It’s a little rustic and subdued, but very pleasing. The taste is dry, with a slant toward malt flavor in the foretaste. Significant bittering and a resiny hop flavor takes over by the finish, which has a lingering bitterness. A dry and estery brew with a moderate malt taste and a considerable hop finish: Not a bad beer. It’s restrained and well put together. It doesn’t grab you from the onset, but I found it enjoyable."
"Notes: A balanced brew that ends up being on the malty side. Not one I'll hunt down by any stretch."
"Nice amber color with a decent white head. Light bit hazy. Good combo of sweet and bitter flavor. Light and airy carbonation in the mouth. Nicely balanced, smooth and easy drinker. Label boasts that it exclusively uses organic barley, which is great but I didn't notice anything in the flavor different from others in this style."
" Nearly medium bodied when enjoyed at room temp. and maybe a bit over bittered - but I aint complaining! This is a fine , if a bit pricey session beer. I think profits go to help poor English kids learn to play Polo."
"This is was a big let down considering it was a beer-of-the-month pick at Plump Jack's, home of the best beer selection in SF."
"Aftertaste was full and bitter, so I had to swallow each sip a couple of times. Very good example of the style."
"16.9 ounce bottle."
"The beer pours a dark gold/amber color with a thick frothy offwhite head that slowly fades to lacing. The aroma is good. It has a smooth pale and light crystal malt scent along with a slightly bitter/fruity yeast aroma. The taste is good. It has a light malty flavor that is easily drinkable. It goes down with ease and finishes with some light hops and a bit of residual sweetness. It has a nice English ale yeast fruitiness to it. The mouthfeel is decent. It is a low bodied beer with adequate carbonation. This is a pretty good beer. It's light and easily drinkable with a decent malt/hop character."
"Had this at a beer and cheese tasting. It was matched with Quicke's Goat Cheddar - Devon. Virtually zero head. Some hop aroma, but mostly faint malt. Nothing really stands out about this beer. It did have a nice fresh taste to it, though. Could drink a bunch of these."
"Mouthfeel is destinctively thin and lacking body. This lack of body intesifies the dry hoppy character."
"I had quite some expectations on this brew, as Duchy Originals claims to offer 'uncompromisingly good food' ... but one again (as with their biscuits) I must admit to be rather disappointed .... someone earlier on described this as a 'piss' ... now I wouldn't go that far, it definitely is drinkable but I wouldn't label it as enjoyable ... too watery, too sweety (sweety as in marshmallows or cheap toffees), well sure not up to it's ambition ... as the profits of the sales of this brew go to Prince Charles' Charitable Foundation it would have been great if they could have found a better brewer ...."
"Pours an amber color with a small head that disappears fast and leaves a little lacing on the glass. The aroma is mostly comprised of floral European hops with a bit of a biscuit thing. The flavor is what you would expect from a solid ESB. Nice bitterness and hop flavor with a good balance of malts. Nothing spectacular, but solid."
"Everything one would expect this beer to be - a bit stodgy and stiff, with straightforard ESB-ish hopping and basic caramel malt flavors. Nothing to excess in any direction. If one is looking for what I would think a classic, baseline ESB, then this would pretty much be it. I'm sure that on cask or less well traveled, this beer would be quite good, but, as it is, it is a bit better than average."
"An almost horrible example of an ESB. Extremely light bodied. Lack of malt flavors. Unbalanced. Astringent. A striking hoppy aroma immediately comes through as soon as you open the bottle but this is not followed by any malt whatsoever. Taste is like a bad over-hopped lager. No complexity, bland, thin. Not good and will definitely not buy this again. The bottle looked nice, that's about it."
"Pours a very nice golden color with a finger and a half of tight head that falls to just under a finger over the beer. Clarity is good and bubbles release from the bottom every few seconds. Nose is pretty subtle. I get solid toasty British malt base with a light earthy hop and very slight fruity character. Smells nice. Flavor is okay. The same characteristics from the nose are here, but there is also a slight metallic character. First to hit is an incredible toasty malt character, lightly grainy, but very tasty. This is followed by crisp and clean bittering from noble hops. The finish is a nice combination of toastyness and very light bitter. The metallic taste from the first sip is not carrying through in the rest of the beer. Enjoyable. Feel is moderate with very light carbonation. Keeps drinking very easy. I think this is a solid brew. Not as good as some of the bitters I have had off a hand-pull, but from a bottle, I'd have this one again. A nice bitter."
"Pour out an amber with a flat white headskie. Flavor is mild. Bit of a biscuit chew in the malt, hops are not but front, but add the bitter balanceing. Mouthfeel is average, not super smooth at all. I was very excited to see a new organic beer choice as I try to limit my entire diet to only organic sources, but alas this brew does not deliver. it ain't bad, but it is just a very simple ale. I suppose it doesn't have any lofty claims so I can't fault them for that, but it's just not special in any way. Meh. Not bad as a black & tan with some Wolaver's Oatmeal Stout."
"The Ale poued a clear amber with an off white head. The aroma was of floral hops, it was very light and nothing else really came thourgh. The taste though had a start of light malt with just a tad of vanilla, then a nice light hop finish. The feel was medium and oily, yet it had a pleasantly dry finish. This is a delicate session beer. It had very distinct yet subtle features an enjoyable beer."
"One thinks that this is Bloody awful. No wonder Prince Charles drinks Timothy Taylor’s Landlord."
"Delicately balanced and teetering on falling away from flavor, this is a massively drinkable pint that could easily take you through many toasts in a night at the local."
"I'm not surprised that Duchy Originals Original English Ale (not a very poetic name, now is it?) is brewed by Wychwood. It has their 'okay, but little better than average' fingerprints all over it. Oh well, at least a portion of my $3.49 went to the Prince of Wales's Charitable Foundation. It'd be nice if a little something went to the brewery's R&D department as well."
"A nice, drinkable beer that I did enjoy, but it could use a fuller flavor and body, in my opinion. The slightly metallic aftertaste became a little distracting by the time I finished the bottle. I'm not so sure that this beer is different from the brewery's original ""Organic Ale."" I think that they just slapped the word ""English"" on the label. As added evidence for this argument, this is definitely a bitter (like their original ""Organic Ale"") and not a brown."
"This has a nice light brown color with low to medium white head. The smell is mainly of brown sugar and malts, with a slight tang from the hops. The taste is pretty well balanced, with well rounded malty flavors, light hops, and even subtle yeast flavors. The mouthfeel is nice and crisp and certainly refreshing. This is perhaps a bit light, but tasty none the less."
"Not a bad ale, nothin spectacular but solid all round, almost like a poor mans fullers 1845, with less alcohol, flavour and class"
"Mouthfeel: medium body, fine carbonation, crisp, a bit astringent"
"(500 ml bottle, bought in Denmark). Amber colour, moderate head. Lovely hoppy aroma, hints of heather, tobacco and spices. Flavour is nutty and biscuity, a hint of toffee but not really sweet, good bitterness which lingers in the aftertaste. Very nice."
"Savoury barley flavour. Quite sticky mouthfeel, even a little bit cloying, some grainyness, with some resiny hops in the finish, shares a lot of same characters as other beers from Wychwood. A bit unexciting, and pretty boring in the end, i'm glad i didn't have to drink the whole bottle."
